I took one but I'm on mobile.  Let me see if I can upload it 
Hello Cubs fans

It is me, peaceful Giants fan and the lentil soup person.

n...
Thank you so much for supporting us for being a Giants fan! 
Aw that's very nice of you to say, man. Thanks!
I've never had more faith in lentils than I do now. Thank you for having such...
You're welcome, man. Let's hope this keeps workin!
pls keep cooking lentils man
If I finish this batch, I'll cook some more on Saturday, man. In time for the...
If you need help eating them pls let me know
Haha, sure thing, man! I made a smallish amount, about the same as yesterday....
See, I've always liked SF better than LA. Lentil man just proves it.

This is why San Francisco is known as Beantown.
Postgame interview Javy said he felt something in his ankle bur he's fine. 

...
HUZZAH!
Hooooooorrrrraaaaayyyyy!!!!
Love you Kelly Crull
That's a big big win, boys. Night to all y'all
All right guys. Lucky bar worked again. I'll be here for Kershaw and Hendrick...
What happened with contrares and the ump?
whats the deal with Willson and the umps at the end? 
Ump's feelings were hurt
Professor up next at Wrigley, let's go!
Let's fucking do this. I believe. Fly that fucking W. GO CUBS GO.
Fuck that ump at the end
dude whats wrong with chapman?
Didn't want to give the Dodgers his A stuff. Keeping it for when it matters.
my guess is the non-save situation. Idk only guess i have. 
he had a 6 run lead he isn't going to be as sharp as he would be with a 2-3 r...
He was probably told to not go 100% so as to keep himself fresh for game 7 wh...
seems like he was practicing his sliders 
Nothing. He was getting hit first because he was working on his slider. That'...
"Only sending pitches at 97 and 98mph." So glad the Cubs went and got him.
He throws hot fire that's for sure. I'd hate to get hit by something going 10...
I wonder what the ump was talking to Contreras about
Probably telling him dumb shit like don't you dare talk back to me or questio...
asking for an autograph
Lip reader here,  he told Contreas that he better not crop dust him in game 6...
See y'all Saturday!! #flythew
Fuck this ump
Well guys, we're 2-0 when I have Big Brother season 14 in the background. **E...
Dan is a GOD that season
Didn't expect an overlap between /r/BigBrother and here haha. But that dude k...
Roll on Saturday for Kershaw in the Battle for Wrigley!
Nice, no Alex Gonzalez to boot the fucking ball on Saturday 

Edit: corrected...
Alex Gonzalez won't be there to boot it either
The ninth should not have been as nerve racking as it was. 
Jesus. 

*wipes sweat from brow*
SATURDAY WILL BE A ROLLERCOASTER AND THE MOST STRESSFUL DAY IN CUBS BASEBALL ...
We are one fucking game away from the world series. FLY THE W
What was up with Contreras and the ump? 
Fuckin a, Chapman making me sweat.
Fly the W!
One game away. Oh my goodness. Please please please!
Home plate ump bitching at Joe and Willy?
W!!!!!!!!!!!!
CUBS WINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
Cubs win, Cubs win, Holy Cow!
Well, that ending was too exciting. 

I'm actually agreeing with Smoltz here. Chapman is a completely different pit...
Every save from here on out is high stress.
I feel like he was told to relax with his pitching to save his arm for game 6...
Boom W,W,W!!
LETS GET THIS SHIT AT WRIGLEY
# W

Let's do this!
Good win Cubs. 4 more.

Math is hard.
5 more
5 my dude
5 more pls
*5
Im taking it one series at a time, one more win!
I really want to know what was up with Contreras and that ump.
That makes two of us 
That makes three of us.
On to Chicago!
Is Contreras getting lectured 
Looks like it... I wonder what he did?
That umpire looked like he was a teacher talking to a student after class, an...
Good reminder that anything can happen. Our boys will stay focused.
/u/american_soviet get the thing
Agreed 
ONE MORE WIN
Cubs win!!! Finally.
YES!!!!
Nice work, boys!
There it is!  Now let's rest up and finish this Saturday!
W
Superb.
70% Chance to win the NLCS!!
You mean the series. The Series is another matter.
We did it boyz
**CUBS WIN CUBS WIN**
lol at Contreres and the ump chatting after the game.
Ball game!

_WHEW_
WE 3-2 BOYS

FLY THAT W
#IT HAPPENED 
W
Cannot wait for Saturday
Night all.....gonna to go hang up my W to fly tonight......
Good Win boys now let's fuck Kershaw in the backside.
BUTTHOLE UNCLENCHED A LITTLE!
Castrophew
#W
Cubs win! Cubs win!

Back to Chicago!!!
W!
#W
Yes!!!
[W] 
FUCK YEAH!!!!! 
he's getting rid of all the runs he was gonna give up later
Fuck yeah.  Now we only need to beat Kershaw OR Hill!
\#FlyTheW
W!!!!!! Scary 9th though!!!!
W flag time now!
#W
FLY THE FUCKING W
#Fly the W!
Now you can fly it! 
I hope someone fucking teaches that fuckstick with the W flag a lesson in tem...
Jesus Christ. Too close
THING TIME!!
#AND NOW IT'S OVER!!! W!!!!
Cubs Win!!
W
W
Didn't watch the game.... Well I watched Ross bomb that but that's about it.....
RAISE THAT FUCKING W
#FLYTHEW

ANNNDD WIN
**CUBS WIN CUBS WIN CUBS WIN **
*and weeeeeeeee'll keep on fighting, til' the endddddd*
2 outs, Dodgers are on life support.  Bring in the crash cart for them.
#W 
Sports psychology really is a weird thing isn't it? You'd think Chapman  woul...
"let's make this interesting." 
Every pitcher is going to have a bad night out once in awhile. 
Doesn't wanna waste this intensity on a game where we were up 6
#FLYTHEW
To the guy hoisting the "W" flag, we all know you are excited and we do want ...
If it wasn't for Baez's double, this would be much, much, worst.
Smoke him for the K chap, and let's go home. 
Come on ol'Chap. Finish him!
WHY IS THIS HAPPENING
One more pitch. 
1 more strike
Finish him!
Getting sloppy at the end here. Still need to end this and play another game ...
[deleted]
He started this inning fresh.
Good thing Chapman is gone at the after the end of the season. He is awful at...
You are really good at this.
Relevant username
Chapman throwing mid 90s on his four seamer?  Must not be feeling it.
It was a slider 
I am honestly concerned with Chapmans lack of effort, this man could potentia...
He isn't throwing his hardest right now. In a more important situation, he will
Maybe I don't understand, but why "take it easy"?
Maybe we should have traded for Miller lol.  
Chapman is really pissing me off. He looks like he is screwing around while t...
cant watch the game, WTF is chapman doing? good thing we were up 6 runs!
He clearly didn't want to come in in a non-save situation and he was showing it 
This fucking asshat with the W flag behind home plate. Put that shit away.
Chapman just doesn't give a fuck and it shows. He only wants to pitch in save...
Smoltz is on point, he just doesn't get "up" unless it's a close game.
W FLAG GUY: THIS IS YOUR FAULT
Put the W down you fucking moron. 
Also. Chapman might be throwing his B stuff tonight so that he doesn't show i...
There's no mystery about Chapman's stuff.
Yeah but why show them 103 so they can get used to it when you don't have to.
That's true.  I always have that problem when I pitch.
Buck and Kershaw sitting in a tree, F-U-C-K-I-N-G...
It's not like Hendricks had a stellar year in which he played all season.
Exactly, he's such a scrub /s
For whom the sac fly? Toles.
Well done
I can't tell if this is sarcastic or not aha
Nope, full respect. It got me trying to think up my own puns too. I got nothing.
Put the flag away.
1 out. Just end it.
Man, closers do not like coming in during non save situations. 
#CubsFacts
Why is Chappy practing his curve ball. Throw the Damn heat.
Chapman can you be like Miller pls
Guys. This is happening. Cubbies gonna win this one. If they do, this is offi...
Same! Wahoo! Lets finish this BS. 
Are you 12 years old?
Go to bed kid
This would be exactly how close they were in 2003. Are you 12?
Look. You need one more. Just don't load the bases and we're good. 
Chapman has been quite hittable in three postseason appearances.
The W flag guys son is a little douche canoe, too. 
[A little double canoe](http://www.laughingloon.com/images/canoe.images/wv.sa...
Shut it! 😄😄😄
Chapman must really want to earn that save.
The Buccos subreddit is a fucking salt mine. 
I love it
What were you doing over there??
Not sure about OP but I like to gauge other fan reactions by looking through ...
Dear God.  
Good Lord... I just went and looked over there. The first 7 posts are about u...
Their team hasn't even crossed my mind in weeks
oh god what happened
All of their recent posts are slamming the Cubs in some sort of way.

I mean,...
Right? It just adds to the fact that all they can talk about is the Cubs. It'...
The white sox fans strategy. 
Well we did do that with the cardinals for a while. FTC is still upvoted ever...
Yeah but I don't remember us ever making individual posts about the Cards etc...
Well by the time this subreddit was formed we were already good. I wasn't aro...
To be fair, it's just a few guys who are likely bored because nothing is happ...
I don't know. I like to play around with it. I ate a goat burger. It's all in...
Yeah. It's pretty comical at this point to be honest lol
They started supporting the Pirates.
Well, that was their first mistake
[Us and the Pirates](http://imgur.com/Y9oZ4IY)
Your daily reminder that Matt Szczur potentially sacrificed his entire career...
getting all spiritual here but the universe finds a way to take care of good ...
I cried like a baby. 
Wow, can't believe I didn't know that.  That's real selflessness right there....
Hail Szczur 
Incredible dude. Sucks that Buck didn't ask him anything of substance. 
I live in Washington, DC and don't get home much. My Dad shares season ticket...
goddamn dood what a story, a bit of a rollercoaster. get your ass to that gam...
Fair winds shipmate 
Congrats man, that is so so so great, honestly. I got to go to game 3 last ye...
I will be there Saturday too.  Let's get this tonight so we can be at the cli...
Wow. That's awesome. 
Awesome man. That's so cool of everyone to work it out for you. Enjoy and I'm...
Have fun bro!
Thanks everyone. In my excitement about the tickets and finding a super cheap...
Jon Lester is going to pitch a gem tonight and we're taking this back to Wrig...
I am so sick of this "us against the world" shit coming from the Dodgers and ...
Can someone fine that idiot waving the W flag and kick their ass?
Joe Buck: "It's just hard to watch."

They why the fuck do you show it??
Agreed like come on you dont need to show that 
He meant to say he gets hard watching it.
Tell these fucknuts to stop flying the W early 
is that motherfucker behind home plate holding up the W in the goddam 8th inn...
O Harry, 

Who art in heaven

Carey be thy name

Let fastballs be donged

Thy...
R'amen
Amen
Amen
SCHWARBER GIVE HEYWARD YOUR BAT
#BASED SZCZUR'S UNDERWEAR
Kershaw (Cy Young candidate): Greatest pitcher ever

Lester (Cy Young candida...
Cubs are winning, better talk about Kershaw.
Kershaw,  drink
I'm up voting everything I see. 
DAE Kyle Hendricks? He wasn't mentioned once in last night's broadcast. All w...
maybe because Kershaw was interviewed last night idk.....
Credit where credit is due. Not to take away from the beast of a pitcher that...
It's probably because Cyle wasn't a strikeout leader or wins like Scherzer or...
You have an awesome username.
Seems impossible but Kershaw is actually overhyped right now.   His performan...
That Kershaw dick in Joe Bucks mouth allowed for no other pitcher mentions, i...
Good news everyone! I still have diarrhea. Cubs win confirmed. 
Keep that liquid luck rolling through the weekend 
Taco Bell for breakfast, lunch, and dinner on Saturday confirmed.
Had bdubs today. So good but damn is it working my digestive system. 
We will send Gatorade. It mixes well with vodka
Had them yesterday and Rizzo donged while I was in the bathroom. 
RIP.
I like what brown can do for us.

\#BrownOctober
I might be able to get some chipotlaway if you need.
No, it's good luck. Had them yesterday night too. 
well just because he has diarrhea doesn't mean he needs to walk around in shi...
Hopefully the Cubs will have some runs too!
Dying. Lol
Gonzalez is so fucking obnoxious
Complete fucking douche
Yea I didn't know this until this series.
He first pissed me off when he started talking shit to the Reds when he had a...
Did any of you watch the video the Cubs posted on Twitter of last night's gam...
I feel bad that we're gonna have to make vin sad today
Womp Womp.
He grew up a Giants fan too. Feel terrible about ruining Vin's last season, b...
Put that W flag down!!
Who did this? http://imgur.com/a/7aNKv
wikipedia admins must not be Cub fans :(((
https://imgur.com/gallery/eCWbw
AH HAHAHAHA  That's awesome
Miggy has to do SOMETHING when he's on the bench, why not edit Wikipedia pages?
I am amazed at how fast these are corrected 
Def you lol who googles joe Blanton? 
FUCKING GOLD
Wild guess it was you.
I would take credit if I did it
just got the email saying if I edit one more time I'm banned :(((
proof if ya...
This is terrible, they need to add Fowler too. 
Well that was quick
#CHICAGO CUBS BASEBALL IS ON THE AIR
#Beautiful Bedford Park
NO SWEETER WORDS TO BE HEARD
#gif request: miggy not giving a fuck
Last night me realize something. It doesn't matter where you sit, what shirt ...
I'm not a superstitious man, but we've lost the games where I've sat on the r...
Dude, stay on the left side of the couch! Didja hear? Dodgers can't hit lefti...
That's utter nonsense which you need to repeat. 
I don't believe any of that crap either. But you damn well better sit on the ...
"This score is not indicative" shut up Joe Buck. Get that Dodger schlong out ...
Yeah wtf?  We had them on their heels all night.
Or the Cardinals'
If anything the closeness of this series is not indicative. 
Not indicative of what exactly?  How sucky the Dodgers have been playing toda...
of how close the game *REALLY* is
I wanna reach through the TV and fucking punch that dude that keeps rising up...
Me too, woke up the house screaming at the TV.
Flags are illegal in Dodger Stadium.  Someone call security on him!
I just want to tell you guys that I love you and I can't believe I use to wat...
I don't think you've been in here when we're losing then...
Can confirm, us winning makes this the most joyful place on the planet. Tied ...
Yeah but you say what I'm thinking.
What's wrong with living alone? 
I don't live alone. I watch the game alone. My husband hates baseball.  
Brother
Love you too bb
Or sister?
^I'm ^^a ^^^^gril
Sister it is
What's up, gril 😘
;)
Dude I love this place. I can sometimes give in to being negative but the fol...
Hey what's up, Cubbies. It's me, lentil soup person from yesterday.

So, here...
You're going to need to make a lot of soup in the next couple of weeks
I sure hope so, man! Here's hopin the lentils work today as well!
Never stop
Haha, alright! Hopefully it all works today too.
PRAISE THE LENTILS
That's right, man. Let's hope and see. Maybe it all comes together again.
Keep on cookin, friend!
They're cookin, homes. I'm gonna cook em for an hour which is as long as I co...
Beans, beans, the musical fruit. The more you eat, the more they SCORE. 
Hahaha! YES! Let us hope!
Uh oh, here comes the Kershaw talks.
Bold prediction: 

Cubs get four runs this inning
If they get 4+ this inning I'll venmo you enough for a six pack 
!RemindMe 30 minutes 
Not Bold enough!
it has upvotes so it must be right!
You can't spell strikeout without SIT THE FUCK DOWN!!!!!
I've got-- SIT THE FUCK DOWN, RT
Man, just look at Rizzo. Arm round Pedro, "don't worry about it, those fucks ...
I'm disliking adrian Gonzalez more and more this postseason 
I'm so fucking sick of him
Him and Seager both. One of them can't stop barking at the umps, the other ca...
Yeah he has that douche factor.
I've always had this thought on my mind: Who's going to be the next Fuck Murp...
Maybe if he were singlehandedly beating the Cubs.
But always fuck Daniel Murphy
I'd rather have NOBODY on the Dodgers become the next Murphy in any way shape...
"now to feature our starting pitchers for tonight."
"Actually, let's talk abo...
Heyward should be batting 8th when he plays 
"First 22 yr old with 3+ post season hits vs the Cubs"

That's a nice little ...
**baseball stat**
Cubs postseasons are pretty sparse as it is. 
Anything to advance the Dodger narrative.
Szczurs Bone Marrow story is why I got myself registered 
#BeTheMatch
I registered in 2009.  I forgot about it until this year.  Been on the list t...
Same here
This is why advertising and awareness is important. Spend a little to reap a ...
At least we have him up to about 60 pitches thru 3
Fuck I love this team. Game 5 and Baez fucking with Rizzo.
It made it better that Rizzo actually seemed a bit annoyed. It was like broth...
Reminds me of Beltre and Andrus on the Rangers
I'm gonna need that interaction in gif form
Welcome to playoff baseball, where the strike zones are made up and the rules...
Helo Cubbies!

I was busy doing homework. But while I was studying, I had 2 b...
MOAR LENTIL SOUP FOR YOU
Need to lock you up and force feed you soup
NO! Don't do that!

Don't get greedy and kill the golden goose.

Be kind and ...
You and your soup are always welcome here.
Thank you! I appreciate that very much!
I hope you never get tired of eating lentils. 
Thanks man. Well they are delicious and nutritious. So I think I'll keep eati...
Welcome! And glad there's no grudge :-P
Yeah, it's weird cos I feel like there should be. And I definitely was pissed...
Hey it's understandable but at least we have something in common!
Yeah, now we do :)
You. I like you.
Thanks man. Let's hope the good luck keeps on goin.
My mom is literally taking naps between pitches. 
Sounds like my dad too.
Good Baezball IQ
Just like Larry King!
Put the damn W flag down you tool.
[Facebook comment of the night.](http://imgur.com/RRTl075)
Oh I believe in Lesterday!
OH LOOK HE THREW TO FIRST AND GOT AN OUT. 

SUCK A DICK DODGERS
I like it when Chicago Cubs baseball players get homeruns and also hits
[deleted]
Are they built for speed or comfort?
Doing God's work
Theeeere it is
lol calm down Maeda. you pitched like trash
My body is ready
Hey, I came in to say that! Well, have an upvote
[Sorry :\)](https://giant.gfycat.com/SlightPresentEagle.gif)
I can't stay mad at that face!
Are you guys ready?  
I'm not.  
I need to nap. But I can't. So. 
I'm ready the way I was "ready" to merge onto the highway for the first time ...
Have an irn bru and get pumped!
Maybe when it hits 2am
I have a hemorrhoid that ruptured. Please win cubs. 
Oh no.

Sorry about that man.
Ouch, have you been able to get proper care?
Had it since monday, can't get into the doctor till tomorrow. It was getting ...
That sucks. If it's unbearable, it's the kind of thing a pharmacist could adv...
Damn. Sorry, dude.
It's literally like sitting on a swollen peanut glued to your asshole 
I truly don't think I've ever been more excited for a Cubs game in my entire ...
Posted something to this extent in yesterday's GDT: I'm getting married on Sa...
Congrats, man. Hope it all goes well for you.
Thought you were gonna get on the mic and announce that you were heading to W...
[Cubs now playing pickup football in the outfield](https://mobile.twitter.com...
I'd pick lackey.
[**@Cubs\_Insider**](https://twitter.com/Cubs_Insider/)

> [2016-10-20 21:0...
Wilson Contreras is probably competing like it's the Super Bowl cuz thats how...
His athletic protector is probably bigger than my head
Probably better than the Bears 
Lester throws exactly like he isn't left handed
Well this is awkward (I know you're not on the roster but...)

Leave Szczur a...
Girlfriend: "There's a guy behind home plate that looks like Larry King!"

Me...
Don't think I've ever watched Larry King, but somehow your eyes are just draw...
Well she's not wrong.
"Why do we keep talking about this?"

Joe Buck has become self aware
Which one of you wise guys changed Joe Blanton's name to Batting Tee on Wikip...
Does anyone have a screenshot? Haha
http://imgur.com/6JNKojY here's what I got 
lol already got taken down
Owch.
Hahaha!!
LOL
Rekt
Remember how Lester underperformed last year and then became dominant this ye...
More likely than not
Lester didn't underperform last year though. He just made an awful first impr...
Last season was pretty much on par with his career, and this year he really s...
I'm coming out for Baez.
#DicksOutforHaramBaez
Bi-ez*
lets have a party for all the people coming out for Baez
Jesus fuck you love saying, "and the tying run will come to the plate!" Buck....
How many times is Joe Buck going to mention that the tying runner is coming t...
Yea, "OMG DODGERS ABOUT TO SCORE THEY ARE ON BASE"
He'll say it every time LA gets a man on base while it's 3-1.
these god damn 4+ hour games are BRUTAL. is it just me or does every dodger p...
I think it's just Baez, but when you change pitchers every third batter it ad...
Pretty sure all these pitching changes are eating up a ton of the time.
Really just Baez 
I'll trade 3 outs for 1 run up 7 any day. Good job Strop!
I fucking love baseball.  
*"Bench Addi! Bench Rizzo! They're cold and they'r...
Pretty sure Joe Buck would flip another man's meat.


Clayton Kershaw's, to b...
The guy with the W flag needs to calm the fuck down.  Seriously dude... we ha...
http://i.imgur.com/ugpE1Z6.gifv
Dank
This is pretty fantastic.
Don't make me love you...
https://i.imgur.com/fY6T0gC.png
Drinking extra PBRs to ensure Cubbies victory tonight baby!

Lets keep the ba...
LESTER BE LIKE "YOU CAN HAVE ALL THE FREE BASES YOU WANT. YOU FUCKERS WONT GE...
9/10 dodgers fans behind the plate are looking at their phones
And the 10th fan is Larry King, who communicates via telegraph.
Lousy twats.
To be far so am I. Hence my comment 
I mean, I'm sitting at home and haven't paid good money to watch my team lose.
10/10 would Botox again
Can we stop striking out to Maeda?
We need to stop swinging for the fences
Ok
Maeda looking real good the last two innings 
Lester coming up. Better go to the bullpen. 

#PITCHERS WHO RAKE
Joe Buck just called Gonzalez one of the best hitters in the universe...WUT.
i agree, we just dont know enough about the players from galaxies other than ...
LMAO
He probably got told to stop trying to suck Kershaw dick so he's gotta find n...
#JOE BLANTON FOR NLCS MVP
If we win this game and the series do we retire Blanton's number?
#LET'S WIN THIS GAME AND NOT LOSE TWO IN A ROW EVER AGAIN. 
Even The Professor will have a full playoff beard by the end of this inning. ...
From another drunk cubbie in cardinal land, we're in this together. 
My ultra bro 
I think Baez is taking long enough this game should count as two wins
Pedro baez is bad for baseball 
Joe buck showing his personal home video of Kershaw
Meanwhile in Dodgers sub they're complaining that Buck is pro Cubs
He's pretty unbiased tbh.
Maybe he's just bad all around.
I just spit water all over my monitor...

Ok, that was vodka.
seriously?
If that's not delusional I don't know what is.
He's not pro-Cubs, he's pro-Javy. 

To be fair, anyone who isn't pro-Javy is ...
>Meanwhile in Dodgers sub

*why*
I think every fan base feels like that about Joe Buck.
Everyone, literally every team this post season, thinks that the announcers a...
We're hypersensitive to any praise for the other side and criticism of our own.
Lol the Joe Buck hate is universal. Everyone hates him.
I'm sorry, they can't be talking about Joe Buck...
The Plaid Pajama Playoff Pants are donned. Dinner is in the slow cooker. And ...
As the day has gone on I have progressively transitioned from basking in the ...
Hearing whoever yelled "yeah" really pissed me off for some reason..
why isnt Jon getting the same zone
because he's on the Cubs
Because he's in a gray uniform.
I wanna wear Szczur's underwear... mmmm
LMAO THAT RIZZO TOSS
Still waiting on the Rizzo Baez gif
More inconsistent strike zone bs.

Thankfully Seager swung at a low ball to g...
I really want that Nintendo Switch

looks slick as fuck
Dodgers keep switching pitchers until they find one the Cubs can score off of. 
Lester pitching the Cubs into a 3-1 lead in the six with his opposite number ...
There are notable things about players. Broadcasters have lists of these. Les...
Talk about it a bit, sure.

But it's the NLCS in a 2-2 tie in a close game wi...
he's dominating so they're talking about the one way you can beat him
M Night plot twist:Lester throws to the Fox booth and picks off Joe Buck
I still like the decision to keep him in the game for defense though
Watching him pop up with RISP yet *again* is super disappointing, but I agree...
Almora would be more than adequate
I want to slap these announcers across the face. 
Lester and Lackey these two days were impeccable
Best Jo(h)Ns in the world 
Lackey was good but only pitched 4 innings
You kidding me? Much better than is NLDS performance!
DODGERS CAN REVIEW DEEZ NUTS #thirdbeerofinning
Remember how Lester is a bad fielder and the Dodgers were getting to his head?
I memba
Pepperidge Farms remembers 
Tell me FS1, was Kershaw fun to watch in the shower too?
Wood's gonna pitch a gem and I really hope Derrick Lee pulls through tonight
Cubs! Dodgers! It's the "Fuck You" lineup vs the "Fuck It" lineup, up next on...
[deleted]
*snort* WH WHA WHU HUH 
[deleted]
Hi there! Thanks for waking me man.
Wow, Vin Scully does NOT look 88 years old.  
He's a magical being. 
mehhhh....he looks 88 years old.  haha


Lester better get that call too
Baez got fucked on that strike three call. 
I'll take one robo-ump please
"2-0 fastball"

80 MPH

...uh... Buck...
#AHAHA THROWN OUT AT FIRST BY JON LESTER HOW FUCKING EMBARRASSING FOR YOU AND...
Lmao gonna go check the salt out on the dodgers sub real quick 
No commenting
Can't be any worse than the Pirates sub.  
I don't like getting salt in my jerking lube. Too granular. 
Frisco is the lube capital of the world.
I grew up here. I practically have a PhD in lube. 
We have no room to talk about freaking out in game threads.
[deleted]
Mother fucker you can't waste a lead off double, especially in the postseason...
why is he swinging...
Lester what business did you have swinging on 2-0? 3-0 wouldve been a totally...
Best hitter in the *universe*.
Blanton has a 31.50 postseason ERA
Had, anyway
he's our mvp
Alright Lester, let's get a 1-2-3 and keep rolling.
oh god the human rain delay is warming up
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov//petition/impose-immediate-and-permanent-ban...
Amazing
signed
HAHAHAHAAHA

Get bent Gonzalez!
They played the Jeopardy Daily Double sound clip because that doubled their s...
Hey FS1! How many dumps has Kershaw taken today?
while sporting that killer tank top!
He's going to take a big one on Saturday 
If someone is playing the Kershaw drinking game, they're dead.
Can confirm: Am Dead
Even just sipping your beer, you'd be on like beer 13 right now.
People have it wrong, Kershaw is going to be dead tired for Game 6. I know I'...
I mean, to be fair, he's the best pitcher of this era
There's no way Joe Buck could satisfy anyone.
PUT THE FUCKING W AWAY
[deleted]
New favorite gif
Oooooh this one is gonna get a lot of use.
So many good gifs from this season 
I upvoted you because I saw you were down voted and I'm not sure why
How the hell did you get that so quick but we can't get a Gif of Baez fuckin ...
[deleted]
Our Baez. I wanna say second inning. High fly ball to Rizzo, Baez ran up to h...
This is the exact gif or video I've been searching for too! It was hilarious
He got a mad ass set up to edit shit like this.
[We are ready](https://youtu.be/Gxc7Mj03tq0)
Already in PJs? I don't think she's gonna make it to the stretch
She gets put to bed around 7:30 and destroys her room until about 10:30. 
Someone get POTUS level protection on that bat.
How many runs do we need before Buck and Smoltz are literally speechless?
699807563225985
All the runs, ALL of them! 
"Kaeda in his homeland of Japan"

The mystical far east! Geez Buck...
Larry King sleeps in a crypt beneath the stadium between games
People..... listen to Pat and Ron on the radio or MLB At Bat. I started three...
What's the delay?
That's going to depend on your broadcast I believe
That's going to depend on your broadcast I believe
about 20 seconds
It's perfectly synced for me, but it doesn't matter if you have a DVR. Pause ...
That's what I do.  The delay is minimal, except maybe in the last inning when...
There are also less commercials on the radio, so you get Pat + Ron talking ab...
We need to sticky this or something. I've been saying it all season. 
I want the Cubs to win it all just for the potential of a video of Ross celeb...
Just gave a presentation then sprinted my ass ten minutes home. Let's go cubb...
That reminds me of me last year after my math exam during the wild card game....
I actually had an exam on the wildcard last year as well. I finished early en...
This national audience just seen Bobby Valentine wipe food off Lasorda's face.
I AM SO DONE WITH THESE COCKY ASS DODGERS. HOLY SHIT. 
They butthurt.
I mean, we're getting terrible calls too. The only person that did that was A...
[Me too.](https://youtu.be/eTpG37OvjFs?t=14)
>ass dodgers
They absolutely do not look like a World Series team
They need to get the hell outta...*dodge*
Lester made a good throw to first... And the Bears stopped the Packers on 4th...
Nothing much just watching the game hbu?
I love my Vikings but this Thursday night I'm a Bears fan.
Without alcohol = Cubs 0-2

With alcohol = Cubs 2-0

Just bought my beer. Sho...
Get to chugging!
Fuck fam, same. Started in the 1st. 
I'm telling you guys we're all using black magic juju as excuses to drink.
I wish szczur would say something condescending to Joe buck 
"You'd be surprised how much it happens. It's pretty unique." Way to contradi...
That Baez and Rizz moment made me laugh.
Even with Lackey's... enthusiasm, I still feel like Lester is the most intimi...
If only we still had Farnsworth.
no way, it's totally Prof hendricks. his calm demeanor belies the beast within.
Times I've used my inhaler because of the ump: three
 Number of tokes of weed because of ump: two
How about from seeing Jake?
Five. I may be abusing it. 

Help. 
Using that too much gets you light-headed and tingly. It's awesome. I used to...
Welp......
I fucking love pissed of Lester. Reminding me of cocky, pissed of Jake last y...
Us against the world!
LET'S GET SOME MORE RUNS!!
Maeda will get knocked out this inning.  I can feel it. 
I think we have the dont F with me Lester
Time to either get Maeda out of the game, score some runs, or preferably both.
We're on the bases, stealin' ur signs. 
I'm fucking tired of stranding runners. Jesus.
FYI we are winning.
Thank you! so much negativity still. Though, would love some more runs.
Should be winning by more though.
GONZALEZ THE BEST HITTER IN THE UNIVERSE!

Hot take smoltzy
Act like your a fucking hero Gonzalez, you grounded softly to 2nd you fucking...
In all fairness Heyward pulled the same shit last night 
Lol but heyward doesn't Bitch at every call and cock off 
Not worried yet. Lester is in the mound, they're already in their pen.
Why are the announcers so unwilling to say that Joc blew that play?
Buck did point out he turned the wrong way
Because it'd be admitting the Dodgers did something bad. Joe Buck can not adm...
They feel his name is embarrassing enough.
Because a hard hit ball hit right at a Centerfielder is the toughest play to ...
Pretty sure I hate Beethoven now.
Giants fan here again hoping the Cubs win.

༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ TAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
Russell haters can fuck off!
I'm starting to think Buck does read this subreddit, and he's just trolling us.
Hell of an outing by Lester 
Lol couldn't happen to a better person 
So uh, Javy for the series MVP?
Slow down there, fella.
Depends on the next couple games, but, yes. Unless Russell hits more pumps. 
Rizzo and Russell have had decent stats this series as bad as they've looked....
Easy. 
Baez makes love to your wife left handed
Our Baez > their Baez
**on the other hand**, Chapman won't be inheriting runners if he comes in, wh...
Yeah that's why I throw him at least the 8th.  Top of the order, nobody on.
Thats the truth 
Time between pitches... first good thing FS1 has done.
[Brewers fans don't get it](http://imgur.com/5GLAQLK)
this pace... jesus fuck. thank god we are winning 
You know when you are following a game on gamecast and it feels like the time...
dodgers infield is even thinking "thank god this slow fuck is gone"
THESE GAMES ARE TAKING SO FUCKING LONG ITS THE TOP OF THE 8TH AND ITS BEEN FO...
When Baez is at the airport, TSA gets pissed because he takes too long in line
All the dodger fans went home early enough for the "Javy" chant to be loud en...
"And now great numbers of Dodger fans heading toward the exits" - Pat
Did I hear this right? 

Out of our 10 men stranded tonight Heyward has stran...
The Javier Baez Legend just keeps growing. He's had an insane year to be hone...
That DP ball just before was *huge* in retrospect.
Guy with W flag behind home plate
Pete Rose was explaining Heyward's swing on that cutaway. You could tell how ...
Just have Strop pitch the 9th.  I don't want that to be his last outing and h...
Agreed, but Chapman needs the exercise too. 
I'd be okay with that. We could always bring in Chapman if we needed him. 
Do not bring in Chapman midway through an inning with runners on.
Joe's trust in Addi sure has paid dividends.
Joe Buck talking about kershaws tank top?!? Just swallow his balls already
*Cubs are up 8-2, better repeat the clip we just showed you literally a minut...
You're a real warrior to still be up sir.
And btw I've never asked, where are you? I always half assumed you're actuall...
I was in fact born in the middle of nowhere Bavaria but my mom had it as a "c...
Ah sweet. How long were you in Germany?
Only a year and half, still I definitely have had points in my life where I w...
I made a comment the other night when we lost about how it's difficult in tho...
To stand inside Wrigley for game 6 is currently $425
I'm on the list to be part of the medical crew so I could to be paid to be th...
That's cheap. Tickets for Game 1 in Cleveland is double that.
Dear lord...
I'd pay that. 
Put the flag down.  Not that time yet.
Fans need to put away that W flag until the last out is recorded. Partly beca...
Man, waving a W flag is too much? Part of being a fan is talking shit to othe...
Nothing respectful about being arrogant. Cheering when the Cubs make a play -...
Eh, I think that's part of the fun. He'd get shit on if the Cubs lose. That's...
Yeah. It's stupid. Some fans are a little soft in the head. 
#BRING ON THE DOWNVOTES BUT I AM ROOTING FOR THE CHICAGO CUBS IN TONIGHT'S GA...
Such a hot take, I nearly got a first degree burn
#DONTTELLMEWHATTODOTAKEANUPVOTEYOUSCURVYDOG
[Bold.](https://media.giphy.com/media/vMnuZGHJfFSTe/giphy.gif)
super hot take
YUGE IF TRUE
Unbegrudging upvote
SHUN THE... believer? that can't be right.
I'M SO GODDAMN STRESSED OUT HOLY SHIT

Want s'more *Elmer's Escape*?
That's that industrial grade glue with the xanax pills crushed into it, right...
has anyone seen the dodgers lineup? they have kike leading off and a-gon batt...
[deleted]
Yup, common nickname in Spanish for Enrique (just like Pepé is for José, or P...
>Pepe

>Kike

theres a joke in here but I cant quite figure it out
pronounced key  kay
I was in the military with a dude named last named Sambo. 

Completely white,...
It's kiké with the accent aigu but yeah, kinda unfortunate
> aigu 

Fellow korean?!
No more parties in LA, please baby no more parties in LA
https://imgur.com/Opl46SO 

Ready for the game. Nothing brings good luck like...
Good pooch
[Cubs doggos are best Doggos](https://imgur.com/gallery/gTcZG)
Let's fucking go boys! 

🐻⚾🐻⚾🐻⚾🐻⚾🐻⚾🐻⚾
The Dodgers lineup is befuddling. [Dodgers Regular season wRC+ against leftie...
I didn't understand a thing, because wRC and all that escapes me.

Are we OK ...
Anyone with any leftie is okay against the Dodgers.
The Cubs are in good shape.

http://www.fangraphs.com/library/offense/wrc/

I...
Dude, thanks a lot.
I appreciate you constantly sharing stats that people like me are too lazy to...
Fuck me I have said this a lot this season - how can you not be romantic abou...
You just did :-) I'd read the craggy column
I not so good with the word combinations
You have a Twitter hombre?
love it
Somebody give Heyward their bat!
Lol. That bullshit strikeout can be what we cry about on twitter tonight, sic...
Cmon FS1 why the fuck would you show that pitch with no warning!!!
Thanks FS1, I really wanted to see a video of Heyward getting drilled in the ...
"back to back strike outs"

my ass
That inning wouldve been a little better if that ump didnt close his eyes on ...
can lester just pick these retards off already
I hate Kike Hernandez
I hope he gets heartburn everyday. 
What is his brother named? Rachel?
Aaron
Lester putting good wood on it!
Seriously. Fuck you buck. I don't give a shit about stats of blah blah blah r...
That's such a dumb stat too. A lot of 7 game series end on game 5.
He did say when the series is tied 2-2 I believe.
I must've missed that part.
Lasorda's like DON'T FUCKING TOUCH ME VALENTINE
46 pitches after 2 for Maeda. Keep workin'.
no way maeda makes it to the 6th inning at this pace. their pen got a workout...
Die by the terrible ump, live by the terrible ump
For those if you complaining about Lester's throw to first, he's not used to ...
Every Cub now has to use an article of Szczur's clothing or equipment
Szczur is our guardian angel. 
Szczur is literally a good luck charm.
I really want to believe that underwear story 
"Anthony Rizzo and his stolen bat"

Can I get that on a t-shirt?  Sounds like...
How is Scuzur wearing a hoodie when it's 91 F out?
Why are these games taking so goddamn long? It's a 1-0 game and it's been an ...
Holy shit, Baez catches everything.
Lol Baez still came up with that point blank toss
*Lingering shot of man in clown make-up and gold sparkling MLB logo necklace*...
NICE BALD SPOT GINGER
Alright I know this is basically a meme at this point, but Joe Buck sounded a...
the only logical result of this pitching change is a Lester dong
I get this whole new "use the whole bullpen" fad but this seems like a dumb m...
2 on with no outs and not scoring one of them hurts... it really hurts. 
Lester and Ross both got the contact but not the results. Damn.

Would have l...
#**Here's to praying the Dodgers get boned by the replay again**
This is why you have to capitalize when you get guys on base.  
Last time they scored, we answered with 5 of our own
"fielding troubles of Jon Lester" 

Drink.
One Bryzzo Please.  :D

Ahhhh dang Baez and Bryant have missed HRs by a combined 10 feet. Hopefully w...
Zobrist should have walked, 0% call that a strike https://twitter.com/CubsUmp...
Repost from the 2nd inning because everyone blames traffic for the empty seat...
We need some offense this upcoming inning. JHey gonna hit a dinger I feel it
Dodgers fans are notoriously fairweather.  Considering they lost last night i...
I would like the Chicago Cubs baseball team to score at least 2 runs this inn...
Way to shut it the fuck down Jon. At least he's doing his part tonight, bats ...
Hi I would like 1 order of runs please.  Lay off the strikeouts.  Add some do...
Ross needs an oxygen tank
Glad we're not playing in Colorado. Poor Grandpa would be in trouble. 
He can have it when I'm done with it.
[DONNNNG](http://imgur.com/2y8tBFI)
Lester's 3 ABs: F7 F7 F7
Addison you sweet sweet man.
*boy
That was a man's swing of the bat.
You got that damn right. 
What does that Lester throw have to do with anything you fucks
Ok, we get it. Lester can't throw to first. He's a serious contender for Cy Y...
Seriously, he's in the booth with a guy who was Greg Maddux is freaking team ...
It's the reason they scored once, and honestly they should have scored in the...
New Miggy gif 😂😂
I wouldn't mind a 9 spot here boys. Keep it easy on our hearts and livers
Take a moment to appreciate Heywards ability to lower the bar 
Javy postseason MVP so far
God...Joe just sounds like he ready to cum in his pants every time LA makes c...
I love Lester, guys a competitor and a nice guy as well.
Excellent job Jon. 
I really hate that fox uses the same song they use for the NFL
I wish they used roundball rock, just because 
The what now?
They started by using it on NASCAR races first... The logic was "we know all ...
What's your stance on the animated robots during football games?
That music makes me sing Sleigh Ride. (Giddy up, giddy up, giddy up, let's go). 
Haha I used to think the same thing when I was a kid. I always thought I was ...
This "trying to freak out Lester" game is some stupid cake eater shit. You gu...
Right?!? If your gonna try and mess with him you actually need to steal.
I don't always agree with Buck or Smoltz but if you're gonna try and freak ou...
Russell respected 90
#FUCK THE HUMAN RAIN DELAY
can someone make a compilation of Pedro Baez just stalling

because that vide...
Ughhhhh so annoying
Just set it at a loop of 00:01 and there you have it.
#EVERYBODY IS SAFE AS FUCK
Moral of the series so far: Adrian Gonzalez is slow.
Twist. The. Fucking. Knife. Rizzo.  



Gonzalez is going to be tweeting left and right after this game ... too bad h...
Submit the best to the sub, please
Maybe if he whined less and concentrated on his game more it wouldn't look li...
#The empty seats says it all
[deleted]
Well...it is LA. Their traffic is obscene along with Atlanta. Oh and their te...
#THE PITCH CLOCK, FS1 HAS MADE UP ALL FAULTS 
Gonzalez is holding us in suspense as to whether he will accept the results o...
Game 1 we were stealing signs. Game 4 bitching about the umps and reviews. If...
We never complimented their dancing on the base paths 
Joe said, "I saw that from here."
3-16 with RISP, that's more like it.
Ted Cruz at the game
BAEZ TAKE MY LEG INSTEAD
I already tried to offer up my leg to Schwarbs, we're about the same height a...
By that math you should also be able to hit a baseball 500 feet, good luck in...
#FUCK THE CLOSER
they're all laughing so cramps
Was it just cramps??
he gave a thumbs up towards the bullpen he's still in and they had a shot of ...
Holy shit we could bring home a pennant on Saturday holy shit holy shit holy ...
Yo dude... chill. the. fuck. out.... Hopefully no one needs to remind you abo...
Fuck jinxes, if we lose it has absolutely nothing to do with a reddit comment
I'm going to check out the Dodgers sub for a second.  I give you my word I'll...
Thanks FS1, I had totally forgotten about Kershaw. Could you remind me again ...
Joe Buck is gonna go choke himself with hair plugs and think about Coleslaw's...
He takes one out and play with it in his mouth while he moans in a lustful way.
Hahaha. This made me gag. 
STOP RIDING KERSHAW'S DICK I'M FUCKING SICK OF YOU ASSHOLES
Jeeze the coverage on Kershaw is getting nauseating.
Fuck this guy behind the plate.
[deleted]
GONG!!
Why would you buy a car when you have a perfectly good donkey to ride
This doesn't make any sense. 
Waitress: You guys need another pitcher?

Me: Yeah, just like the Dodgers.

AYO
"We're pissing this game away!"

--Game is tied.
I think the point is that it shouldn't be tied.  If the Cubs hadn't pissed aw...
We should be up by more, yes. But we're also not in bad shape at all.
We're still getting basehits, which is encouraging
I get knocked down, but I get up again...
guess that was pissing the night away, which I'm doing, but anyway...
Lol so irritating
Well, we have left like 5 runners stranded. 
This is game 2 of our 3 game series. Let's get that sweep!
Right I really need to put my phone down and try and at least get an hour or ...
Let's keep doing what we did last night.
Dodgers are allergic to LHP

We're walking out 3-2 tonight, folks. 
I got gyros fit dinner yesterday and only wore a hoodie for gear, no jersey o...
Got promised WS tickets at the Jake if the Cubs can make it. So hyped
I am so useless on these playoff game days...
As my childhood hero Duke Nukem used to say "It's time to kick ass and chew b...
My childhood hero before him, Mr Rowdy Roddy Piper, said the same thing in th...
RIP
FS1 just [Showed a Tweet](https://imgur.com/gallery/wxSX0) trashing their own...
I don't mind A-Rod, but that's hilarious
Ah man I hoped they'd be ripping on Joe Buck. I actually like 3/4 of those ot...
🎶 LESTERDAY, all my worries have gone awaaaaay🎶
Now our boys and bats are here to play
🎶 We're here to wiinnnn on LESTERDAY 🎶
I started cooking bacon and eggs at the beginning of the fourth inning last n...
That's where you live now
I like your wife.
Drinking game: Every time Joe Buck says "Kershaw" take a drink.
You'll pass out bottom two 
I don't want to die of alcohol poisoning.  
brb-- buying more beer
You'll be dead by the top of the 2nd
And millions of livers cried out and were suddenly silenced. 
You want us to die from alcohol poisoning?
I'm tempted to try it Saturday... No, Kershaw pitches. Even my busch light wo...
Your liver: "Oh god, please don't."
These drinking games really aren't fair
Last game in Dodgers Stadium this year.  Sorry Vin.
Bah, 2 inches at least off the plate
fucking FS1
Let's just talk shit about his jaw for no reason.
Fucking ump bailed out the Dodgers.
That's alright. 1 run and Maeda is at 25 pitches after 1.
"Tight strike zone tonight). Javy disagrees
Buck + idiots in the crowd = something barely tolerable
I like 14 P compared to 26
Awesome.  Bobby Valentine wiping the schmutz off of Tommy's face.
Man this strike zone is all over the place, for both teams.
Adrian incessantly bitching at the umpire? I, for one, am SHOCKED. 
Them against the world!
\#OnlyWouldHaveLostBy7
Seems like a grade A asshole.
Dodgers now 10-1 for calls at the plate over last 3 games.

https://twitter.c...
Jesus Christ Jon hahaa I love pissed off Lester. 
The stare to the dugout!  Let's go Lester!
remember at the All-Star Break last year when /r/baseball thought Pederson wa...
Yes. And at the time, it seemed like he might have beat Bryant for it at that...
to be fair his first half was pretty amazing
hey Rizzo let Bryant borrow ~~Szczur's~~ your bat.
Heyward needs someone else's bat too
EVERYONE TRADE BATS.
"Shoutout bone marrow". Love this team
Lol@ Rizz/Baez
WE DONT NEED YOUR ASS UMP JOHNNY CAME TO PITCH TONIGHT
This has to be the first time anyone has opted to go to the pen before a Lest...
No Bryce, you didn't hit a walk off bomb. 
Fun fact: I played catch with Josh Fields at Wrigley and got to chat with him...
uggh. please don't waste a lead off double...
2 hard-hit balls by Lester. Ah well. At least we're in the bullpen now. Let's...
We need to move Baez up to the #2 spot. He gets on too much and nobody behind...
#ANOTHER RUNNER IN SCORING POSITION, I SWEAR TO FUCKING GOD
[deleted]
that relief though

But Where's the Baez Rizzo playful pop-up 
Joc lookin like a fool
Fuck.

Good contact there. Zo should've gotten the free base though, strike 1...
0-7 RISP ... ugh. 
Regular season: I turn on the Cubs game to escape the stress of work.

Postse...
Aroldis Chapman is lurking down in that bullpen. yeah, not after inning five ...
Am I the only one who's turned the volume off, because I'm tired of listening...
I had to synced up the Cubs radio broadcast with the game. I couldn't take Bu...
Same if I hear one more time how lester can't throw to first, I am gunna shoo...
Sure it's annoying but he does have to fill 4 hours of air time. 
If I didn't want the nat sound so bad I would've.
"If they get more runs,  they just may win the game." 
Lester has 100 postseason strikeouts!
# SZCZUR'S UNDERWEAR WINS AGAIN 
Joe Blanton has seen the apocalypse.  He has seen too much.
[How I felt Grandpa Rossy was feeling](https://d13csqd2kn0ewr.cloudfront.net/...
Addy dong while I took a dump... fuck no, I am not staying on the toilet, guys!
Remember to leave the door unlocked so someone can get in and help you up. Yo...
Watch the game on your phone. Make sure to stand once in awhile to avoid bloo...
Yesterday me, today you. 
yes you are
WE'RE ALL SACRIFICING SOMETHING FOR THIS TEAM. DO YOUR PART.
You better stay dammit 
Sorry bud, you know what you have to do.
Plz
Stay on there longer than Murtaugh in Lethal Weapon 2
Hey guys 

Remember when Addison got that HR? That was pretty cool
Memberberries
AHHHHHHHHH, I MEMBA
I member. 
so does Pepperidge Farm
#For those of you watching on MLB.tv, Addi's dingaling was @ 2h:30m:29s
What the fuck is Rizzo doing? If it isn't the bat it's the glove. Unreal. 
HEY GUYZ. Did you know Lester has difficulty throwing to first???
Oh shit I did not know that. He's a really good hitter though, right??
I hadn't heard
I HAD NO FUCKING IDEA THEY'VE NEVER SAID SUCH A THING BEFORE! /s
Hahaha Miggy's face
Jonny boy don't give NO FUCKS about base runners!
DID YOU GUYS HEAR THAT LESTER DOESNT LIKE THROWING TO FIRST? GUYS? guys? ^guys?
omg, so drunk. Thank you Mariano's on Broadway. 

GO CUBS GO
They should have a fan vote for broadcasters
#HAWK FOR PRESIDENT
Ehhhh no thanks 
hyes
FUCK THE CARDINALS!!!!!!
*~Just Rizzo Things ~*
STOP IT WITH THE BEARDS WITH NO MOUSTACHES DODGERS #amishbullpen
Joe Buck has six comments he makes and they're on a loop.
"______" lurking there in "_______" 
That is the real problem with him. A limited bandwidth.
^ this
Did you know Lester can't throw to Rizzo who used Sczcur's bat to break his 2...
Good pitch good pitch good pitch good pitch Good pitch good pitch good pitch ...
Man I feel so bad for Jason sometimes. Watch after the season they say someth...
Same. I like the guy. The pressure is intensified by his pricetag and him com...
I remember he had a wrist thing in spring training I wouldn't be surprised if...
I think there is.  Watch his swing, the top wrist just rolls over everytime.
Whatever's up I'd bet good money that he rebounds next season.
Shoulda pinch hit for Heyward. Whatever. I know his D is great but that's twi...
I think we're at the point where that just can't be accepted anymore
No way he takes the player option at this point... he'd sign for way less.

Clearly out. Whewft. The Great Javier Baez Show continues.
Baez is gonna win like 28 gold gloves before he retires
I cant wait to see tonight's pissy twitter rant from Gonzo

Anyone else noticing the music they're playing during that review? We heard

...
I heard the same and momentarily thought we were at Wrigley.
https://youtu.be/1yOrrRhUEyE
Pepe Silvia! Pepe Silvia!
#LESTER IS THE MAN
That's what a fucking ace does! Way to bring it today, Lester!
Our Baez is better than Their Baez.
[deleted]
Dat alliteration.
[deleted]
My English major of a mom will be disappointed in me...
He hustles 100% of the time, absolutely no doubt. I love it.
cmon, I want to see those dodger fans leaving again
**KILLING THEM SOFTLY**
With the Cubs doing stuff like this, WE CAN BEAT KERCHAW!
CRUSH THEM SNAP THEY NECKS FUCK THEM
BAEZ CLOCK

YOU DID A GOOD FOX
Has Baez seriously only thrown 19 pitches?
Wow, even the commentators have called out Baez on how long he takes.
Catcher signs: hey macarena
holy shit. even FS1 is calling baez on his bullshit stalling.
LOL @ Pitch timer. 
Bahaha the stopwatch on screen
LOL, the "time between pitches" counter is the first good thing FS1's done al...
Baez takes longer between pitches than I last during sex.
Baez single-handedly extending the game by an hour.
Love Maddon instantly trusting Dexter.
Kyle's reaction when he realizes he might be the one to pitch the Cubs to the...
c'mon now. still a lot more work to do, today and Saturday.
Kyle is starting Saturday. Assuming they hang on and win this, he'll end up b...
Kyle's reaction when he came out of the womb :-|
That Ump must've just wanted the half of the inning to be over
He's falling asleep with Baez out there 
He's tired of waiting 45 seconds between every pitch of Baez
I'm going to bed and pretending I have the left hand of Baez
The good one,  not the slow one
Thanks for clarifying
empty seats in away games makes me happy
My god 3 for 16 with RISP and we still have 5 runs. We should have at least 8...
If Manfred wants to speed up the game, he should ban Baez from baseball. That...
Lol you hear those Dodgers fans yelling "You Suck!"
THANK YOU HEYWARD FOR COMING THROUGH AND NOT MAKING JAVY RUN!
I have never been so concerned in my life. Javy be careful. 
Javy is love, Javy is life. 
FUCK

THE

CLOSER
Heyward pop up gets Baez out of the basepaths preventing him from aggravating...
I guess he paid the tole.
I hate Justin Turner. 

Pedro did not do that on purpose. Take your fucking b...
Same same
Take your fucking base like any other neanderthal!
http://m.imgur.com/xCc5LAW

Justin Turner high school pic
Funny, I thought it was [this](http://www.zbrushcentral.com/attachment.php?at...
nooooo
So offended by the obvious accidental HBP. Chill the fuck out you ginger turd. 
I think it's more about the pain. That was a fastball. 
To a meaty part of the body. Could have been way worse. 
why'd we let Mármol pitch the 8th?
Lol carlos fucking marmol
Hahah Marmol threw cheese
Seriously I'm having flashbacks
DONT YOU DARE SAY THAT NAME RIGHT NOW
That was terrifying?  FFS we're up by 6, strope only gave up 1.  Calm down. 
FS1 is the number 1 cable sports channel? Really? Before the playoffs, I have...
I only watch for NASCAR and Katie Nolan
ESPNs ratings are tanking because they're focusing less and less on sports ev...
Probably for a really specific demographic on a particular night and time of day
It was according to Nielsen... I call hogwash!
Packing so many dick pills for my next vacation 
You could just watch Baez gifs.
Make sure your lady do that long stare into your eyes while you hold a single...
you mean saving Javy Baez highlights to your flash drive?
Or maybe entire big innings (with the pauses by Other Baez edited out)?
Hhnnngggg
Btw, that overturned call of Fowler changed this game. Thank god for the intr...
I dunno, that overturned call on the stolen base at third would probably have...
I mean everything happened before we had 2 outs so not really that much. 
Don't you piss on my parade!
Guys sorry but I have to go ask my doctor about viagra single packs, be right...
You still need it up six in the 9th?
Don't pack too much
Just vote no on Proposition Viagra Single Packs.
I have to call my doctor because this game has been going for over four hours.
Just watch the 7th again. Should solve your problem.
I am still savoring every at bat because even if we win it all in 7 games, th...
amen. we are in the coda, one way or another.
And then 2017...we go Da Capo
Let's fucking go DC **al Fine**
But my liver.....
I love scotch too.
You seem like a smart and likable person.
yet another thing or two we have in common!
At least Hockey season is upon us!
Eh.
😂
That clip of Kershaw in a tank top was from Buck's PC.
the "Players to fap to" folder on his desktop.
Next to files of Molina and Posey
"At least half and maybe two-thirds of the fans have gone home" - Pat
Joe Buck is so in love with Kershaw.
Are they really fawning over Kershaw in a tank top?
Civ VI is done installing in about 10 min so this is perfect 
I have it ready to go, but I don't want to jinx the game.
Mine just finished so let's gets these outs as quick as possible 
Tell me if there's Poland!! Poland can into spacccccccceeeeeeee
Nice!
 http://i.imgur.com/V8rB73l.jpg 
http://i.imgur.com/1bN7HHB.jpg
Yep, so excited!
He's working on his slider. We good.
Gonzalez is a child on the field. Things don't go his way and all he does is ...
Stop with the W flag people
Posted this in the GDT last night but I don't know if anyone saw this. Repost...
What are your guys' weird things you must do on game day to guarantee a Cubs ...
I have a playlist of Cubs related songs I put on at work on game days. All th...
I'm more superstitious during the game itself. But lately I've been watching ...
wow... that's absurd. But don't stop now.
Bahaha that's amazing. No rituals for me. Just sweaty palms.
I also stand haha 
[deleted]
Dude sitting next to me at the bar just called us a "no-name team" because al...
http://i.imgur.com/X4vRdjR.gif
I see one other cubs fan in the bar I'm at, but I'm sitting with a giants fan...
Deep breaths!
Deep drinks...
Isn't that a good thing? 
Your mistake was expecting meaningful conversation at a bar.
I wish you were wrong, but you're not wrong. 
Why is former Cub great Eric Karros in a dodger uniform?! 
I can't wait to break that old man's heart
Joe Buck should just do the honorable thing and give Vin his mic for the enti...
People keep asking me if Rizzo's back

Yeah, I'd say he's back
John Wick reference? 
You got it. It's been memed before.
A to the rizzo

H to the hizit

That's the anthem flythedamn W!
"Cubs don't manufacture runs, they slug"

*Proceed to score a run off a hit a...
Bullshit call
That was brutal. Not even close
Kershaw! Drink!

http://www.roadsodie.com/sports/joe-buck-accepts-clayton-ker...
They really showed his injury Jesus Christ
Should have done more damage there but I'll take it! Lester time
Not mad at Heyward, just surprised he hasn't shown urgency to shock the entir...
Why is he batting 6? Also some shoddy ump work..
Heyward looks so lost at the plate
*Baseball crunches a man in the face, breaking his jaw*  
"...oh yeah this is...
That's their game plan? Hope Lester throws balls?
DID YOU GUYS KNOW LESTER IS UNCOMFY THROWING TO FIRST? BECAUSE HE IS UNCOMFY ...
I'm busy trying to remember how old Urias is.
You know who isn't? Kershaw.
This cockhead behind homeplate is gonna have a fucked zone all night. 
Man this series has really made me start to hate the Dodgers. They are so coc...
What's the strike zone, the size of a baseball?
"tight strike zone tonight"

Oh you mean for Lester only, right? Cause Baez w...
That was closer than the Baez strike 3.........
Ross bout to throw these fuckers out.
If Smoltz doesn't shut the fuck up about base stealing I'm going to lose my s...
Nothing else to talk about
Maybe about how our offense exploded yesterday? Maybe about how we did in the...
Dodgers are playing like little kids out here, I hope we put 10 up on them again
I hope Russell hits one right into their booth, bonks Buck on the head and ho...
The only thing better I can think of is that ball pinballing around and takin...
Turns Joe Buck into a vegetable*
My mom just texted me and said she doesn't like the announcer. I told her no ...
Larry Kings suspenders are not holding his pants up people, they are holding ...
Stat: the team that wins the games is usually the team that wins the series.
The team that scores more runs, usually wins the game.
Snopes: True
Guys, guys.... Guys.    We're getting on base!
You don't have to be a farmer to join farmers *only*?
AGon gonna take it to twitter with that call
Man this strike zone is out of hand! With that said, nothing better than seei...
oh look what happens when you bunt on lester
Lester: "bunt this, motherfuckers *flips the bird*"
Also, the Bears stopped the Packers on 4th and goal at the 1 yard line
The packers aren't that good this year
Pretty bummed to miss that game but picking the Cubs is such a no brainer
I know its early guys, but doesnt it feel damn good to have a lead right now?
It's nice to not be freaking out over every AB lol 
28 vs 45 pitches through 2 innings, 4 baserunners vs 2. Signs point to this b...
I love Szczur but I hate interviews
Szczur is such a fucking bro 
Lol at Addi wearing Szuerdkjdfz undies
What a pathetic interview with Szczur. Fuck you, Joe Buck... You're talking t...
"How does it feel for your bat to get some work in the playoffs?"

What a twa...
Rizzo using his bat is kind of a good story dude. What else is he going to ta...
Yes, it's a cute story. But you could still talk about team chemistry, mood, ...
To be fair he can't really play right now because he isn't on the roster so t...
So showing Szczur while Rizzo is using his bat doesn't guarantee a hit. Good ...
So, are the Cubs going to have an "Anthony Rizzo Game Used Matt Szczur Bat" o...
Lester is so scared to throw to first that he just swats it over to Addi inst...
Lol rizzo and javy
Strike zone is inside out just for funsies.
Strike 5
I think it's safe to say Lester did not like those calls...
Dodger fans put ketchup on their hotdogs.
... I do this.. 
Get out.
:OOOOOOOOO
FUCK IT, I'LL STRIKE HIM OUT TWICE! 
They said it was a million dollar wound, but the government must keep that money
Fields looks stoned as fuck lol. 
Alright alright alright. 
Dude looks like he really needs a nap.
Top of the order next inning is nice. 
"One of the best hitters in the universe"

lol
I wonder if Lester likes to throw to bases... I'm sure Buck will remind us. 
Finish this up Jon and let's get it going. 

Top of the order up next inning. 
Risp demon time yet?
Let's get them on base and I'll summon them
Seems legit, work your magic ma'am!
This is what happens when you fucking strand runners on base. God dammit.
"Balls." - me
"Fucking titties!" - my girlfriend.

We're classy
Holy crap it's only the 4th? Why are all of the playoff games taking so damn ...
Ya seriously, this is DRAGGING.
Pedro Baez...actually not yet but that'll make it worse.
How the shit is this only the 4th inning? It feels like at least the 7th
Thankfully only the one run was scored.

But we need to get guys on base now ...
Final? 
I'll take it
http://i.imgur.com/eZCndWi.jpg
Let's not waste ANOTHER double
Just imagine the Rizzo walk up song in your head 
You got me intoxicated!!
Baby now we got bad blood
I'm clapping
NOW WE GOT BAD BLOOD 
I tried and the Castro walk up music played instead
https://youtu.be/94Rq2TX0wj4
#Bless you, Blue Eyes
old dude didn't even flinch.  Balls of steel
Are you aware of who it is and just being stupid, or are you stupid
Are you aware of who it is and just being stupid, or are you stupid
Balls of steel or playing your slow reflexes like you're cool?
>Old dude
Christ, if Buck says anything positive about Cubs, does he go into glitch mod...
HOLY SHIT I FUCKING HATE STRANDED RUNNERS. I'M FUCKING TRIGGERED
Don't stress guys. I can feel our guys wanting it tonight. We will win and br...
I'd love to see the bottom of our order get some more RBIs to make this posts...
Upvote if you love Blanton
Blanton is the Cubs MVP 
Addison Russell is 22 years old.
Lester with dat sick bat flip
I like that Lester is pissed when he doesn't get a hit. Last season he'd just...
Everything he hits he crushes. He has extraordinarily bad luck, and with few ...
Yeah everyone know he's strong enough. He's just gotta square one up right. H...
Lester, co-posterboy for "Fuck the DH"
"MUST KEEP RUNNING! MUST KEEP RUNNING! MUST KEEP RUNNING! MUST KEEP RUNNING! ...
We got 2. I'll take it. 2-3-4 up next
If russell only hits 2 run dongers for the rest of the playoffs thats fine wi...
I like dongs. Dongs are my favorite. 
We have the longest dongs. The best.
/r/nocontext 
MY FLAIR AGAIN
Please don't take out Lester unless it is absolutely necessary. I don't care ...
Sorry for the tangent but has anybody else found themselves to be kind of 'me...
Don't watch NFL at all, but I heard ratings were down, which is apparently ra...
Not alone... I'm a Bears fan, so that's not necessarily helping my attitude t...
I gave up on football. Got tired of guys giving each other concussions and de...
Haven't even watched a full game this year yet. 
Well... Have you watched the Bears this year?  It's like Trestman bad.
everybody's buzzing about the poor ratings and blah blah. I don't watch footb...
I'm a packers fan so it's not even that my team is just really bad like the b...
It doesnt help that our team fucking sucks lol
Bears suck, Cubs are still playing. I don't give two shits about football thi...
Riz needs Szczur's glove. 
"Why do we keeping talking about this?"  Keeps talking about it.
"Why do we keep talking about this?" - Joe Buck
The Dodgers are like that obnoxious kid in class always trying to get attenti...
Larry King is heading to sleep. 
Larry King is gone making us the winners!
You know Bryant will work on hitting changeups this offseason like he worked ...
Fuck yo shift
WHO'S BUNTING NOW?
#FUCK THE SHIFT
"Rizzo bunt single" is not a sentence I thought I'd type tonight...
Dodgers Scouting Report: Rizzo is fast as absolute fuck
2 on for Javy? Yes please!
I have to be at work at 6 tomorrow so I don't have time for Baez to pitch ton...
Heyward 3rd best with 2 strikes? That is genuinely interesting
Would have liked to of seen Contreras pinch for Heyward there. 
"I think I got him"

- Rizzo

I love you Rizzo
Hell of a job by Lester tonight
Lester is a fucking warrior
Yeah, doctors shouldn't be advising patients on voting.
At the bottom it says the ads are paid for by Merck and Pfizer.
Well yeah, the proposition is on drug pricing.
Hats off to Lester.  Helluva performance.  
ATT girl is so hot
Do you watch Silicon Valley? She looks REAL good in that.
Wtf she's in that??!!!
Only a couple of episodes. 
Lester earned a fucking W tonight. Let's give it to him.
Works for me!

Time for some *Fowl play*
Anyone have that Javy/Rizzo gif yet?!?
Pedro and Javy: least and most fun to watch in MLB respectively.
LOL GONZALEZ WHAT A NOOB
That's like the first rule of infielding, never hesitate with the ball. 
#SAFE SAFE SAFE
Remember earlier when Joe Buck said that the Cubs couldn't manufacture runs a...
Good news, now even a grand slam won't give em a lead!
Im gonna laugh if we get another "us against the world" tweet from Gonzalez.
The crowd's energy has been zapped.  
You could take the ACT between Baez's pitches
This is Fox's version of fatshaming Baez.
LOL PITCH TIMER FS1 FUCKING SAVAGE
Oh my god they actually put up a pitch clock lmao
Ahaha Dexter is just like "lol nah bruh I ain't even worried you trippin' foo'"
I seriously love them hammering this pitch clock shit
"His stuff is that good" wait. what?
"Oh it's coming"
"Any day now."
Baez is pitching so slowly that it's throwing the infielders and umps off the...
This is actually infuriating 
BY GOD HE LOOKS LIKE TED CRUZ
were they booing at Baez when he came off? 
I went over to their sub and they hate Baez so much. And not because he just ...
Cuz he shit the bed?
yeah, but straight boo'ing your own pitcher is a little much imo 
My husband asked how much longer until the game is over after the 7th. I said...
HOW CAN I LOVE EVERYTHING BUT HATE EVERYTHING AT THE SAME TIME
Take Baez out right now. We have a big enough lead. Hell, get Theo down to ma...
I'd rather just take Javy out of the game... but ok
Yeah they could move Zo to 2nd, Almora in LF and Contreras at C. They wouldn'...
Agreed.
I agree. Let Soler finish this up in left. Holy shit almora pinch hit *this* ...
#I STILL AIN'T AFRAID OF NO GOATS
That play at second proved huge. We really blew it open when the inning could...
Not everyday your name is chanted in the nlcs at the opponent's stadium
The Cubs have scored 10 runs in the 8th innings of games started by Jon Leste...
**BAEZ TAKE MY ENERGY**
Where would the Cubs be without Javy this postseason 
With La Stella, probably
Home 
Home on the couch. 
Baez is Mr Fuckin October
It's crazy that my first thought was if Javy goes down, how would we win it all?
Nope, he's been sparking this team all post season.
Yes, but would not have guessed he'd be our most important player before the ...
shit gets weird in the post season lol.
Seats are SO empty. What does that do to a team's moral? I know I would be th...
let Chapman sit down, we're still up 7 fuckin runs
Jesus, shut the flying fuck up about Kershaw
fuck off buck, go overdose on hair plugs again
"Rocks a pretty killer tank top!"

Buck's homosexual fantasies confirmed. 
JESUS CHRIST STOP FUCKING SHOWING KERSHAW WE DONT GIVE A SHIT
"Just look at those muscles on Kershaw in that tank top"

-Joe Buck
Joe Buck needs to shut the fuck up about Kershaw or I'm going to long distanc...
Did you guys hear kershaw was pitching Saturday?
So after two straight shut outs, we have scored 18 runs in our last two games...
Relay was sick, at least.
[These]( http://imgur.com/egxBkIL) two bottles were full before the game. I h...
Buy two Malort for Saturday
I'm going to be at a bar on Saturday. I will drink my first 6 oz. on the trai...
Rest up and do it again on Saturday.
I already made plans to meet people at a bar Saturday night. I guess I'll hav...
I officially hate the guy holding up the W behind home plate. Wait till the a...
Maddon and Bosio are really not pleased with the pen tonight, whether the run...
Literally trading runs for outs
The past two nights after my wife and I did the deed Russel has had a monster...
That's a Cubs fan...sex is on the table & he goes for the sweep
We are counting on you.
Sounds like it's worth a shot!
Win-Win.
Don't let us down 
I had to beg her tonight and she was like "don't be silly this won't help the...
Banging 4 runz
FUN FACT: Pedro takes less time to walk to the dugout when he gets yanked the...
Are we winning?  I can't tell from reading this game thread.  
I'm so hype!!!! Lets get it Cubbies

Also, this is the first time I have ever...
I am hyped. I think I've empirically determined that my last-year-of-baseball...
This is massive. The difference between 3-2 and 2-3 is insane.
Just entered the sweepstakes to win Indians World Series tickets.  Lets Fucki...
I believe you can win!
I would be so happy.  It's during like my finals week but I don't give a fuck...
A potential Cubs World Series game is a none in a lifetime shot for a whole l...
Haha here we are acting like I already won! Fuck yeah I can't wait!
Post a gif showing how you feel right now.

[Here's mine!](http://i.imgur.com...
http://giphy.com/gifs/nervous-4fdGORwxt6V4A
[I think this is just about right](https://gfycat.com/SmartAnxiousElk)
http://i.imgur.com/uMFxn9j.gif
[My reaction when I am watching the pre-game and they cut to Joe Buck.](https...
Really, Steve Fucking Garvey?????????? FUCK THE DODGERS and THE PADRES!!!!!!!
The only thing that makes feel OK about beating up on the Dodgers w/ Vin in t...
Vin Scully's wife must have been a stone cold fox in her prime.
lol
[Pretty much, yeah](http://fabwags.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/Vin-Scully-...
Knew it
"they don't manufacture a lot of runs"

manufacture a run
"The Cubs don't manufacture runs"

HAHAHA GET FUCKED JOE BUCK
I'm listening to The radio broadcast on MLB while I drive home. Should I keep...
Just put it on your phone fam
Yes please
That wasn't even close, jesus
Wow. That was a bullshit strike. That shit had better go both ways tonight.
Fuck you, ump. Your job can be replaced by robots.
Horseshit call on Baez tho 
i understand heyward playing, but why bat him 6th?
How was pitch 2 a ball?
[This is how it's decided](https://youtu.be/wz-PtEJEaqY)
He's not wearing a Dodgers uniform.
More guys aren't going? Uhhh because Ross has a fucking cannon. 
STFD Turner
Kike is more distracting to the hitter and fucking up his secondary lead off ...
Tight strike zone for one team, Joe. Thats what you mean
This ump - not consistent.
Tight strike zone? Did they not see Baez's at bat?
Holy fuck how are we not getting any of these calls
Buck: "Tight strike zone tonight."

*10 minutes ago Baez gets a strike that's...
A ball twice that distance off the plate was a strike for Baez.
OK, Joe Buck...that was funny. "That's why you come to the game with no sleev...
That was hilarious 
Don't know if I get it.
Ump is obviously not giving Lester the same outside zone he gave Maeda in the...
I sometimes think that Joe Buck is a robot. I really don't know why.
programmed for disappointment 
He posts regularly on /r/totallynotrobots
He uses hair plugs as fuel.
and old peoples' medicine
 We've been waiting all year for a Lester dong, how about tonight?
At the very least Maeda is having to work.


I like it.
I think Arrieta is the only SP in this series who looks anything like an elit...
It's that Pilates 
that guy looks like he would ride into a village on horseback 
Shirtless.
Torch in one hand, scimitar in the other
/u/jdhill1188 need a photoshop of this.
I don't have the game on, listening on radio. Who're you wanting phtoshopped?
Jake riding a horse shirtless into a village with a torch in one hand and sci...
I'd prefer a photo of this
Tommy Lasorda is looking ancient too.
45 pitches through 2 innings for Maeda. This is the way to win. 
Surprise surprise: Adrian Gonzalez whining.
Could see Gonzalez losing his temper in the next couple of games. He's disagr...
\#PuigOurFriend
That stare into the dugout by Lester, golden.
Lester's like "don't fuck with me"
[WHAT A CANON](/#WeAreGood)
Two thoughts: don't call out the umps on twitter, and don't fuck with lester.
The fs1 app is fucking garbage
Holy shit Joe Buck what an asshole. "I know you're dying to be on the roster."
GET A BAT TO HEYWARD 
LOL Szczur
So first time I am not really hating the in game interview. Love me some Szczur
Val Kilmer in Heat behind home plate. 
Remind me to move to Jersey or Vegas when I have a son, those places just pro...
But then you can't watch the cubs at Vegas. Blacked out
[deleted]
Yeah but the rest of us get sore playing catch, so it's a gamble. 
Way too many strikeouts
#MAEDA YOU ARE SLOW AND DISHONORABLE
Commit sudoku! 
that game is great for long flights.
They're having fun out there. Love it. 
Lmao wtf hahaha
Baez and Rizzo playing playground ball. I love it.  
Clown sighting! Call the police! 
RALLY THE TROOPS ITS TIME FOR WAR 
"Ross got nicked by it..."
*two seconds later*
"This is it for David Ross..."...
Literally a strike
The zone is changing during the same at bat 
And we thought Angel was going to be the issue. 
# #ROBO-UMPS
#K
I need a gif of Joe shaking his head, stat. 
Jon Lester is not nice
YOU'RE FUCKIN OUT! 
I love it when they play in slow motion a ball player clearing yelling eff yeah
Heyward definitely hits the best fouls in the game.
/u/unfortunatelylawless It's not great but hope you like [it!](http://imgur.c...
Can't waste this bring them home!
Buck has shifted from swallowing Kershaw to Maeda.
Like that we've already gotten to their bullpen
If Lester gets one more AB he's hitting a home run, no doubt about it
Undisputed is a trash show. 
Come the fuck on you guys. Enough of the bobbling balls and missing plays. 
Guess these LA douchebags got a notification on their phones that something w...
Guys calm down. We're going to need more runs either way. We're getting on ba...
Well no more popcorn during cubs games.
We're going to score some runs this inning
I can appreciate Smoltz. At least he talks about both sides with the same ent...
Plus you know, he was alright.
He was an okay pitcher 
Respectable even you could say
Joc Pederson's defense is shit. Good for us.
His hair is also shit.
HIs hairline is worse than  mine
Please stop wasting these XBH. For the love of God. 
Ball 4
>0% call same

https://twitter.com/CubsUmp/status/789287620853497858?s=09
Good God that strike zone
This strike zone is comical
Dodgers are now 11-2 on bad calls at the plate last three games

https://twit...
[**@CubsUmp**](https://twitter.com/CubsUmp/)

> [2016-10-21 02:10 UTC](http...
I don't think I've ever seen 0% call the same.
\> 0% call same

Wow. 
Stranding way too many runners. What the hell is going on? Turning 3-0 counts...
I started smoking cigarettes because of these fucking games
Yeah... Don't do that
Its fine I dont even like them but I physically need to.
A cigarette sounds delicious rn
Count is 1-3...
Jeez these umpires are doing awful tonight. I swear Baez caught that ball.
Nice Javy. 

Cubs should challenge that just to fuck with them. 
Nasty curve for strike 2
Fuck I hate terrible umps. Win or lose this game, I want it to be because of ...
[Tonight's umpire.](http://cdn1-www.craveonline.com/assets/uploads/gallery/th...
Its funny how October can make me love and hate baseball so much at the same ...
LET'S SCORE SOME FUCKING RUNS
ROSS WITH THE WHEELS AND THEY'RE NOT ON HIS CHAIR
Yay for inaccurate throws from the outfielders! 
I'd like to thank Joe Blanton for being an offbrand Reds reliever 
Cubs with RISP: 1-for-11, .000 BABIP

That homer took us from a 52%ish chance of winning this one to about 80%. Big...
More Joe Blanton plz.
I need 997 more runs. 
Jason Heyward's strikeout reminded me of Space Jam

>[Baseball bat? Get this ...
When I die I want Heyward to be one of my pallbearers so he can let me down o...
I would love if I never again heard the name Jim Rome.
During the offseason, Heyward needs to tear down the mechanics of his swing a...
He will. The dude works hard he'll spend a ton of time with great batting coa...
I believe he will too. Now that he has a whole offseason with the Cubs, he ca...
Moreso he can focus solely on hitting. His fielding will be good as long as h...
[deleted]
Get in front of the ball. To hell with this olay! shit.
Id hate to see a freak ball hit Larry King in the face and his whole body tur...
Indiana jones style?
and garlique
Love montero's reaction in the dugout
that's what we call a shut down inning

now drop some more runs on blanton
Don't need to throw to first when you're so fucking good at throwing to home ...
Lester got all those guys out and the Cubs are winning but he hasn't thrown t...
Round of applause for Jon. Absolutely superb. Much like last night the only R...
Think we pull Lester now or give him another inning?
He's at what, 95? It's a toughie. He's been good.
Probably see how he handles the next batter I'd say.
I just got a "Go Cubs" from a rando here at the bar. Let's go!
The L.A. Sparks just won the WNBA title.  I bet not a single person in L.A. k...
Sigh, fine.  Heading to the toilet you bastards.
Stay THERE
Do you live someplace with instant delivery?

Because we may just need to sta...
I'll chip in.
Larry King's bedtime?
Let Lester start the 7th. Gonzalez, Puig and Jock. Keep him in.
I haven't tagged /u/sparx7 randomly in a while so here it is
I can't wait for Bryant to learn how to dominate changeups during the offseason
I have to remind myself that all these guys are still young.  So much room to...
I don't know how anyone would ever get him out if he can figure out that pitch
that miggy hr was fucking sexy
Someone make a custom Blanton Cubs jersey
Who is going to sponsor Joe Blanton's baseball reference page?
Meatball sub shop?
Best idea ever
PROUD OF YOU RIZZO
Shoutout Matt Szczur bat 
Fuck your shift!
Holy shit. Bunt single with two strikes for Rizzo. Wow. 
Bunting away from the shift needs to become more of thing. Most obvious thing...
C'mon guys, I don't have time for Pedro Baez tonight.
Dodger pitching is molasses in winter my god
Haha alright mark Twain
I do declaaare
worlds tiniest binoculars. solers are better 
Whenever I see this catcher's signs I think "in the name of the Father..."
I will set my flair to heyward for the rest of the playoffs if he gets a hit
There's a dude freaking out in the seats after every pitch.
He's an idiot
Is there any way to speed up these games a bit. 
Stop all this fucking bullpen bullshit...
These times are killing me.  We've still got a good hour left
I sadly can't stay up later. Dislike west coast games. Even Chicago games go ...
Stop facing the dodgers bullpen. Jesus Christ these guys take forever between...
If you loved this then you'll love *top of the 8th Pedro Baez
Saw him pitch the other night. Man that was a drag. At least we don't have to...
Eliminate the Dodgers
Member when Heyward hit well against the Cubs in the playoffs? But not well w...
My wife says he is a spy for the Cards.
I member. 
Yay I member
Idontknowwhatiexpected.jpeg
He needs a good offseason badly. Retool and rethink his approach, figure out ...
Put that waving finger away today motherfucker.
BAEZ YOU SEXY MOFO
Poor Adrian, it must suck to have the world against him.
Wonder what he will say on twitter tomorrow on that one.  Maybe he should los...
"You've gotta tip your hat when a guy executes a bunt that good" MOTHERFUCKER...
It was a great bunt, Baez is just rediculous.
I think he was saying Gonzales has to tip his hat because it was a perfect bu...
Lindor vs. Baez.

Who ya got?
Lindor for now, but I think Baez has the potential to be better
I'm too Baezed to answer
I appreciate you.
Lindor is the better all around player, especially as a hitter.
Don't you even
push
Lester will give us 7 complete innings, what else can you ask for
GIMME 9!
That's some Real Ace stuff 
Not yet, Joe. Not yet.
Will we see Chapman tonight? I wanna see some sexy 100mph fastballs
Unless we score 10 runs again I would be very surprised if we didn't.
unless the Cubs play "fuck the closer", yeah, you will see him should this sc...
Even if we get more runs, I bet he comes in.
It's a guarantee with the way the score is
9th
Come on Lester finish you're job. Doing great! 
7 BEAUTIFUL INNING FROM LESTER.
Let's play fuck the closer
Sweaty Jon with 13 innings and only 2 runs allowed so far in this series. Ear...
Having been able to see him pitch with the sox for so long I knew we wouldn't...
Yep. He seems like a good bet to turn into a crafty-bottom-of-rotation-starte...
Hell he could even go and be like Maddux I would be willing to propose.
Yesterday, it was Russell's Muscles.

Today..

#RUSSELL HUSTLES
This is is a perfect exmple of why you ALWAY FUCKING HUSTLE.
Remember when Willson hit a home run off the first pitch he saw in the big le...
I remember my friend and I watching the game and he texts me and asks me if i...
We freed willy and let him run wild.
Please a gif of Maddon there
Is it...is it time to say "Fuck the closer"?  Please let it be time...
Small ball gives me a chubby. 
Not sure we even need Chapman for two. The save is more clearly in the 8th.
Throwing a high fastball is risky when he's looking up for a fly ball.
FUCK YEAH!
#IN DEX WE TRUST 
Looooooooool Gonzalez go tweet bout that
GONZALEZ TOO BUSY THINKING ABOUT WHAT HE'S GONNA SAY ON TWITTER AFTER THIS GAME
#DEFENSE WINS CHAMPIOSHIPS
Fuckin right, Fowler. Two more until I have to pour more Malört. 
I love it when the Dodgers defense collapses. 
MOTHERFUCKING SMALL BALL
I understand the challenge, but its gotta be safe. 
I LOVE THIS BAR!!!! GO RIZZ. THE STREAK CONTINUES. I'll be back here on Saturday
This game is not over yet!!
I know. I have so much confidence sitting in this bar. Never lost a game when...
Is this bar in chicago?
Nope Pittsburgh but I've been here for like 20 games and we have never lost.
Well, thank you!
Shhh... not over yet. 
I'm not stepping foot outside of this bar... Even for a cig until this game e...
That feeling when Larry King is no longer there.
Pat calling out the fans leaving loll
LOL the time between pitches counter
NO FOX PLEASE KEEP THAT UP THERE I LOVE IT
Pat: "the video proves there were cars in the parking lot heading home" lollll
When FS1 has been swinging from your team's nuts all series, but starts actua...
Baez pitch counter needs to be a permanent feature! 
One day rest aint gonna heal their bullpen
That's safe by 5 miles
lol safe
The fuck was that ump thinking....
Umps wanna go home. 
Clearly safe, and Joe knew immediately haha
Lol clearly safe, what the fuck are these umps looking at?
I think that Dodgers player is ready for bed
I really hate the idea of pitch clocks.
I hate watching Baez pitch more.  :: shrugs ::
They use it in AAA and it never seems to be an issue
It wouldn't need to be strictly enforced but maybe could just function like h...
That's mostly just Baez being Baez tho. And he's more the exception than the ...
Generally I do too...


But Pedro baez, man.
They would be great for this game.
I don't like the idea of them, but we're 3 and a half hours into the game and...
This is real life this is happening right now guys. The Cubs are in a great p...
shhhhh
#DONT TEMPT THE BASEBALL GODS. 
After the Baez grand slam, just ground out so the inning can end lol
This just basically happened 
I'll take it
This inning should never end
Cripple them! Do what you must Cubs!
Please be okay 
I seriously hope Javy isn't just trying to be tough with the "i'm ok" and is ...
Fuck yesssss he's alright
WHERE DID LARRY GO???
Take my ankles not Baez's 
4/4 with the bags juiced this postseason. fuck yes.
Hm, I think we kicked a bad habit from the regular season!
And a sac fly. 
even better! wooo :)
Fucking Joe Buck is counting outs.....
How long was that inning? 40+?
The chants of Javy at Dodger Stadium goes into my postseason highlight reel, ...
This team is good.
Heyward is like elaborate performance art at this point.
It's really time to consider the bench.  Defense be damned lol.  
Anyone have the count on his infield pop ups?
It was really nice of Heyward to let Baez rest.  Did not want him to run arou...
The whole Packers/Bears game has been played since this game started. This is...
Is Skip and Shannon Undisputed the only other show on FS1 when MLB playoffs i...
Is P. Baez that slow, or does Strop seem really fast in between pitches.
It's like going from Hendricks to Chapman
Both actually. Baez is notoriously slow and Stop is pretty fast.
He is that fucking slow
Both. Strop pitches fast though.
Yes
It's like watching a WRX after seeing a VW Beetle.  
Guys, you know that Heyward is in there for his defense. This is no secret. W...
My hope is that Heyward's entire season has been a long con aimed at getting ...
With Jon Lester with the game winning pick off move to climch the series right? 
They're saving that for any World Series the Cubs reach during Lester's contr...
Please don't go to Chapman in the 8th.
Those extra runs are coming in handy right now.
I'm fine with that. Just don't walk anyone. 
Right down the middle.  Strop is reckless tonight.
remember when it was 3-1...whew....
If we rock Kershaw does Buck just stop talking the rest of the game? 
That's when buck talks about being addicted to hair plugs
Nah he just goes quiet with his boner
Let's just destroy these fuckbutts. Score 20
Buck has just said Kershaw 17 times in barely 2 minutes.
Addy is woke as fuck!
You know the guy he's facing lead the league in ERA. I mean, he's not too bad...
What a killer tank top
fucking lol
Hey guys, I got the inside scoop for Saturday's game... Clayton Kershaw is pi...
So I talked to my doctor about viagra single packs, he asked me why the hell ...
Okay boys!!! 1-2-3! We're so close to Wrigley I can feel it....
Welp..get that shit out of the way when you are up 6. Let's win this and go t...
Now comes the part where I cry like a bitch again
Clayton Kershaw flips another man's meat.
I like Chapman even with the non-save because he hasn't pitched in a while an...
28 hours ago Addison Russell and Anthony Rizzo had combined for three singles...
Is it just me or does Chapman always look like he doesn't care? Has he always...
He's trying out his slider.  He's up by 6.   Chill
I know that but like did you see him after the last out? He looked pissed to ...
Chapman gonna turn it on and drop 3 Ks on these fucks at 104.
Pat just called his head a "coconut." He has pretty much fully transitioned i...
And this is why you don't fly the W until the game is over.
Chapman just isn't the same pitcher if it is not a save spot. 
Somebody needs to slap some sense into that fan behind home plate.

PUT THE D...
Okay, lentil time
Yes!!
Hey homie!
You did it again!
I am but a humble servant of the lentils.
No worries, we got this.
Yeah, still wanted to give you guys lil extra mojo.
you haven't done it yet?!
Oh I did! I went back for a refill. I figured yall could use it :)
oh okay. we cool, fam.
Nice, nice!
#PUT THE GOD DAMN W FLAG AWAY YOU PIECE OF SHIT
Please stop flying the W

EDIT: Noww you can fly the W
Tom Ricketts is the Baseball Gods reward for all the long and suffering Cubs ...
best zodiac killer in baseball^^TM
He needs a statue if we win
Maddon gets a statue, ricketts can settle for his millions. 
I want a statue of Ricketts pulling a chariot with an armor-clad Theo whippin...
Heyward takes it in the ass
"Maeda has done some pitching here."

Well... He is the pitcher.
Yeah last I checked he gets paid to do that. Thanks Joe.
Truthfully we can't say the same about Buck's commentary.  
He threw some baseballs tonight. That much we know.
I hope our disrespect of the RISP gods doesn't come back to haunt us in the l...
Cubs were good with RISP, we just stranded a lot of RISP because we had a lot...
I have my RISP demons if that happens. 
I wonder how often lester throws to first. Buc can you let us know? /s
Can you guys even imagine this team with Heyward out and Schwarber in?
Makes me happy and sad at the same time. 
would have increased our run dif by another 40... even with the loss of his d...
World Series
And then Willson instead of Ross when he retires. It'll be so unfair next year
We would be resting to prepare for the Indians
"And then I broke his kneecaps like this." 

-Pete Rose
Going to the game Saturday. I can't fucking wait. I had the option of picking...
I've worn a different jersey, hat, and shirt combo every game so far in the p...
wore my cooperstown '88 kris bryant jersey.. yeah it's fake, still dope
Wore my Schwarber shirt last night for the first time since G1 of the NLDS so...
I had the combo of Ernie Banks jersey and KB t shirt jersey and Cubs hat. Ern...
Every damn game is important.  It's driving me insane.  We need a win here be...
Just got back to the battlestation and jumped on the game day thread...andddd...
Looking for lefty Lester to lay an L on LA

Go cubs go!
Apparently a new season of Black Mirror is launching on Netflix tomorrow, hol...
That show is so fucked up and I love it
Black Mirror is like the least binge-able thing on Netflix.
yeah, watching a single episode makes me unable to watch TV for the rest of t...
And it looks like my Saturday morning is planned now
six episodes, so your afternoon might be taken too
A lot of talk about whether they should've started Kershaw tonight. I have no...
FS1 making the assumption that the Dodgers make the World Series again.
[The big dog is ready](http://imgur.com/a/qUCD9)
I sorta want to go on a wacky cross country road trip with your dog.
I totally get it, he's my constant traveling companion. We're planning a road...
Boarding a plane. Stupid delay is going to mean takeoff is like right on firs...
I haven't been as active in the postseason GDTs, but I'd just like to tell yo...
Let's go Cubbies. Finish it out.
I really like Frank Thomas and A-Rod as analysts.
"I'm Joe Buck and I just swallowed this whole microphone" 
Let's go back to Wrigley 3-2, get it done Cubs!
Heyyo guys! Where my buddies at? I got my exciting socks on, my David Krejci ...
ALL WE DO IS GEWINN GEWINN GEWINN NO MATTER WAS
Erhalten Sie diesen Mann ein Bier!

Drunke schoen
Prost!
[deleted]
Got your puns ready?
Suns out
Vin :(
Vin Scully seems like the type of guy I'd want to be stuck on a Tarmat in tax...
perfect hit and run
# HAIL SZCZUR 
Buck says it isn't the bat. Buck is wrong
#ALL HAIL THE SZCZUR BAT!
Szczur for MVP
#RIZZO STEALING SIGNS! /s
Time to **steal some signs**
Let's see if we can go 2  OUTS without them dick riding Kershaw.
Wow. That wasn't even fuckin close
NOT A STRIKE 
so that was a little out. 
what the fuck kind of call was that? that was over the fucking batter's box
That wouldve been the most Heyward hit ever
Well here comes the fastball. The only pitch he can't hit. 
Oh no I had never seen that video of the Heyward HBP
Just once can we have Coghlan play
I feel like we could have scored 10 more runs if that pitch to Baez was calle...
Better see a nice relaxed zone for Jon too.
26 pitches and 1 run given up already, how long does Meada last?
Out during the 5th. 
Depends on how he plays but I think it will be before he sees the lineup for ...
Shouldn't be too many innings for him if we keep this up

Their bullpen can't...
They rely a lot on their Bullpen tho 
Out in the 6th is my guess.
About tree fiddy.
Dodgers are now 9 and 1 for shit calls at the plate in the last 3 games. 

ht...
Hernandez looking like a fool
I want to see Lester throw to first and hit Kike in the fucking head
Ross, get them off your lawn.
I dont get the fake. If you are gonna run then run. Lester is too seasoned to...
haha fuck yo stat JOE BUCK
How has he not stolen, and how has Lester my thrown over. 
Can someone please explain to me why exactly Lester can't throw to 1st? Like ...
He just...doesn't. Not well, anyway. 
Why? Like it doesn't make any sense. They're SO far off base too. Shouldn't b...
Shake it off, Jon. Get out of this inning.
"Tight strike zone tonight" only for our pitchers.
This strike zone is shit.
That was a closer strike than the Baez ball.
it's almost like the ump wanted to call ball but then thought "naahhh it woul...
Why does Hernandez wear an OvGlove?
Keep from jamming his fingers on head first slides. Same reason Baez and Heyw...
Javy wears the same thing
Sliding mitt
Cause he's a bitch
Not a glove. He's half penguin. The dancing gives it away.
This ump got certified by gluing macaroni noodles onto a draw your own strike...
Jon just needed an inning to settle in. He'll be fine.
Lester may suck at throwing to first, but at least he's good at getting hitte...
If the Dodgers weren't trying to troll Lester this could be a tie game right ...
Way to work through the dodgers' attempted fuckery, Jon 
GRANDPA DONG INCOMING
SLOW DOWN ON THAT ICE CREAM LARRY! YOU'VE GOT 7 MORE INNINGS!

Larry King has looked on the verge of death my whole life
y no bunt jo?
Shuts them down? Gtfo Joe Idiot Buck
45 pitches through 2!
At least Jon is pitching to Adrian free from distraction of a runner on first.
Everything I thought I knew about life is a lie: you don't have to be a farme...
Lester looks super pissed. Emotion makes pitching go one of two ways. Dominan...
SIT DOWN
Rizzo should teach him some manners
Gonzalez is a finger wagging piece of shit
Shoulda tossed him.
Sit the fuck down gonzo
Oh my god this zone is so bad for both teams
I kinda with gonzo this strike zone is all over the place today
It is, same shit with the Javy K
It is. Nice to have it go our way for once.
Gonzalez cries more than 12 year old Bieber fans at their first concert. 
Adrian is a whiner
Questionable call, but a helluva lot closer than Baez's.
I'm starting to dislike Adrian Gonzalez
Lester says fuck you!!
Looks like someone learned how to throw to first... Uh-oh
Lester eats your Dodger dog, HE EATS IT UP! 
Sorry new fan, but does Lester have issues throwing to 1st???
Welcome!  He's legally blind and actually can't see first base.  He's just re...
Yes.
He's notorious for being arguably the worst ever at it.
He just threw to first.
Yeah, he never does. He has the yips.
Yes, for reasons unclear to pretty much everyone 
Not sure if serious.
TL;DR: yes.
Ask the commentators
Yes but its way overblown
His grampa died fighting the nazis there. 
RIP
JL with that BURNER to first. 
FS1 trolling Matt. wtf man
LMAO SCUZUR IS OUR GOOD LUCK CHARM CONFIRMED.
Hail Szczur! Lol
Szcczxcxzzur is a beautiful human
Skyrim!!!! Fuck my shit up again!
Im so fucking hype
The hype is real, so pumped.
Sweet play Addi. Monty died for this.
The Rizz Baez moment was cute
Haha god I love these guys
I also have an irrational hate for Justin Turner. 

Wildling actin' ass
that whole helmet head thing he's got going on bugs me. 
Yes helmet et al
Yep
It's his stupid hair, isn't it? 
He's got that Pence look on em
Leprechaun.
>~~Ir~~rational
he looks like the wilding they leave at camp because he isnt really that grea...
I think we all do 
Im with ya
Lmao wtf baez
#makebaseballfunagain
David got hit in his Ross's 
FUCK THIS UMP
Bulllllllshit they've called that a strike twice
Are you fucking kidding me blue
WTF THAT WAS A STRIKE
I was not expecting that bald spot for Justin Turner. 
This ump has directly fucked us. Multiple times.
wow where the fuck was that one?!
That's a Cocksucker call. 
And they say umps don't impact games lol
Boo this ump. BOO HIM
[This strikezone.](http://uploads.neatorama.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/49...
IS THIS A STRIKE ZONE FOR ANTS 
Strike 4.
I'm glad the players are fired up cuz I'm sitting here a nervous wreck
Strike 4!
Swing and a miss strike four!
Expecting that swinging strike to be called a check-swing ball four the way t...
LET'S GET SOME RUUUNS
Great comeback after a tough no called K.  Lester!!!
Let's Go Cubs! Put some more runs on the board! 
I need some runs to lower my heart rate. Do it, Cubs, help me out.
I never thought I'd say this...Bring back Angel Hernandez
team player!
Come on boys, I need 999 more runs. 
Gonna need a LOT of dongs.
http://i.imgur.com/9cGUzy0.gif
Anyone have Larry King's phone #?
Ask Mary Hart
Yea, he's so old his number is 1.
Its the same # as his age
1
Horrible at bat. Holy shit. Swung at the same pitch every time away. You're b...
jfc why is Russell swinging at those pitches?
He'll learn...

Man. What happened to Addi. He was so clutch with RISP throughout the season....
Ross will make an out, everyone will be sad about the opportunity wasted and ...
Replying here because you will be our prophet. 
Sorry to let us all down like that :(
Talk to you in a couple minutes when it comes true
Good take
Wasting opportunities.
They're afraid of Jonny
I'm worried the Cubs have only gotten one off Maeda so far 
Could bite us.  The addi and Ross outs were huge 
These guys need to capitalize. This game is a must win
This is why you're seeing the switch.
Bullpen switch for one of the worst hitting pitchers in the league.

Well, ok...
Yeah I don't get it either 
They're getting fields into the flow of the game with an easy out, I believe....
Good call by Roberts, Lester really struggles against pitching
Lol, Roberts doesn't trust Maeda to get the final out against a pitcher?
Based off the contact Lester made in his first AB I don't blame him
god dammit we need more runs
That was actually a decent hit but...FUCK FUCK FUCK.
Nice contact. Wow just realized Heyward getting hit was this same inning. Did...
Damn our hits are floating up there. Can we get them to either drop or go ove...
I think the wind is tough today.
Pat Hughes said the wind didnt seem to be a factor a couple innings ago. Mayb...
I don't know what it looks like now but they showed it in the first inning an...
We're still ahead right now. Imagine if it was 0-1.  

Keep pitching well and we're okay. Go Lester!
Shoulda called 'em out for whining all night, New York.
I really miss being able to celebrate rather than wait for the replay.

Defin...
Strike this crybaby out plz
For Bryant have to let the ball come to you. Ball moves faster than glove. 
Leaving 2 on in the top of the inning looks really bad now. 
Next inning we must get runs
Gonzalez is such a bitch. 
That's why you can't just say fuck it all season long to not holding guys on....
2 hours in so far and its not even the 5th yet
We're fine. Spirits up people. 
New game. We proved we could get it done against their bullpen last night, an...
It's 1 run you can't blame the pitching or defense. The fact is that *we* sho...
5 innings to go, tied ballgame, series at 2-2... gotta say I'm entertained.
well...I'm certainly not bored.
Wish it was with a little less anxiety though! 
My trick is having the reddit stream or tweetdeck open next to mlb.tv. The de...
Dodgers outfield reminding me why defense can be as important as offense and ...
KB sure does smash mistakes. He rarely misses a bad pitch 
Was the organist playing Zelda?
Mmm grilled bat 
Lesters ERA says he is gonna give up 2plus. The 19 wins say we score more. LE...
LARRY KING DOESNT FLINCH
Dude isn't even aware of the game
He's probably crossfaded and doesn't care about the sport but he's fun to watch
Larry King can't see the ball guys
Swung at ball 4, then had to chase a good pitch low and away... :(
He shouldn't be swinging at that. On a related note, why are our guys swingin...
Just catching the corner?????

WHAT CORNER??
Buck is so spineless
That was Len...
An abstract one.
Ok guys, I made it to the bar we have never lost at while I was watching here...
You are a hero. Thank you for what you are doing for us
Oh trust me, going out and getting drunk and watching the Cubbies in the NLCS...
I know you're legit because most people can't spell his name but you are spot...
I feel like his name is Just Roman numerals that spell Caesar. Not sure how t...
He had to swing... This strike zone is trash right now
LA just keeps catching breaks, and we're not bringing in baserunners.
T'was well struck, we will be fine.
Lucky fucking Dodgers bullshit continues. How many times can we hit it hard r...
Umps are fucking keeping the Dodgers in this game 
Our poor execution behind the plate is keeping them in the game. Ump isn't do...
Yeah, but the umps aren't 0-7 with RISP, either.
Zobrist walked then they just fucked that call for Lester 
The teams are a combined 0-for-11 with RISP.
Take a shot every time Buck mentions how much Lester doesn't like throwing to...
How was that not a strike. 
Glad he threw it anyways
This guy has the worst zone I've seen all series
Why the hell would chapman come in in the 8th Buck you idiot
Please god not again.
6 out save
Where the hell was that pitch ump? 
Outside setting up that next nasty breaking ball 
Lester has to have a record for most 4 strike strikeouts in a game
How did the ump not give him the call? Feel like Dodgers have gotten that cal...
Silent rage Lester is incredible 
Good God, we still have 4 innings... I'm exhausted. And have been drinking.
#tea update: cup #4, sugars increasing exponentially
What kind of tea are you rocking?
Some Russian one that I have no idea what you actually say to name it. I'll t...
Huh, infused with vodka?
*I wish*. But actually at this stage it might kill me. No alcohol tonight. Sa...
Ugh, I don't wanna think about it.
TeaHC?
Lester is not impressed by your bullshit.
Lester looks locked in right now. This is good. 
Lester doesn't even look close to tired. Damn.
Another runner in scoring position. We HAVE to do something this time. 
i cannot wait to see heyward's new swing in spring training, that's about all...
FUCK YOU HEYWARD IT SHOULD BE 4-1
Joe Blanton's slider for NLCS MVP????
We <3 blanton 
Decided to jack off to ease the stress of this game, and the second I ejacula...
Break out the lotion, boy. You've got Szczur's Bat, and we all need to borrow...
Well, we know the sacrifice you must make. 
Your wang is a hero
Huh. Well that's somethin. 
Keep jacking it 
#ADDISON MOTHERFUCKING RUSSELL LADIES AND GENTLEMEN 
#LETS FUCKING GO!!!!! ADDI SWAG ROSSY SWAG WHOS NEXT!
addison muscle
Russell went with "Oh yeah, baby! Let's go!" instead of the typical "FUCK YEAH!"
Joe Blanton for NLCS MVP

Blanton my new favorite Dodger 
Current mood: Miguel Montero yelling "WE ARE GOOD WE ARE GOOD WE ARE GOOD" in...
So since Javy stole a base we all get a taco? He's the gift that keeps giving.  
Only a steal during the world series grants free tacos. 
I think that's only during the WS
Yep sure is. Only counts in WS
Wow. A Los Angeles vs. Everybody shirt. They capitalized on that quickly didn...
mehhhhh detroit rappers were on top of that shit like a year ago
LA is full of people looking to make a quick buck.

(except the hookers, they...
Methinks they feel salty about something.
i think they did one for every team
Ohhh I thought it was because of Gonzalez's tweet. Okay good. 
Rizzo has been some sort of shit going to his right as of late. :(
daily double play 
OH GOOD JOE IS TALKING ABOUT THROWING TO FIRST AGAIN

HEY HOW OLD IS URIAS, I...
It'd be sick if Lester secretly learned a Urias-esque throw to first to utili...
Good grief, the who Lester not picking people off is a non-story today...
I just don't get why he's not running? Also if I'm Seager I'm clapping at Jon...
i wish he would shut buck up and throw to first and get this fucker out 
Hey guys and gals just wondering is it a grind? 
It's so funny that all the dodger players are so uncomfortable taking that le...
Cogs has been preparing for that moment the whole year by jumping out of the ...
Buck is so fucking annoying
#K
Fox has beat the 'Jon lester can't throw to first' horse beyond death tonight 
most important thing when scoring to take the lead - shut them down int he ne...
Let's have a nice long inning of the Cubs batting around and scoring a bunch ...
FUCK THE SHIFT
BUNT FOR MORE RUNS?!
God I fucking love this team.
That's how you lay down a bunt
Well shit. He actually bunted.
Absolutely savage
#Fuck the shift!!

I want cereal.
??
Rizzoes
Real life MLB The Show, you cheeky bastard.
They gave it to Rizzo, and he took it. 
My next strip club is going to be called the "Grind Factor".
Deep breath Javy. 

Make some good contact. Make something good happen.
Status report: How we all feeling?
Nice but better if we can get a three run lead. 
Why not more!
A little stressed but optimistic - hubby is sound asleep. Game got him all so...
This is about how I feel too.
I'm hungry
Eat a food. Just not right now. Wait til the end of the inning.
Good and bad sweaty
This team gets me all sweaty too.
Kinda gassy
Cautiously optimistically scared?
Sounds about right
Cautiously Optimistic
This is fair.
I'm feeling pretty damn good how are you feeling
Also pretty darn good!
Hopeful.  Kinda tired.
Like my stomach learned how to do backflips.
HORRIBLE. 3 RUNS? GARBAGE. /s
So, I just got home, how bad has Buck been gang? Thank Harry they're  willing...
Somewhere between dildo and a full on happy ending. 
Lol
They're winning too!
Yeah yeah yeah. I fixed it there. Lol. 
bartender, im buying everyone a round of javy bombs
Let's go Señor Octubre!!
Is Larry King melting? I swear hes sliding further and further down every inn...
His assistant hasn't come by with the foot pump to put more air in him in a f...
Me IRL watching this game
Sending good karma to Heyward. 83 year old mom calling for a double. Mom know...
I believe in you J-Hey
Jason Howard
Do NOT leave these men stranded!  Bring them home Heyward!!
You can't call that once and not the other. That's not even fair
Gonzales-Puig-Pederson

Exactly who we predicted would bat 6-8 for the Dodger...
Is it sad that I'd prefer Lester in this situation?
So that's 3 innings with a man on second with 1 out where we couldn't score?
Yeah and how many f*ing of those was Heyward involved in. He is just so bad i...
Yeah he was the 3rd out in 2 of them.
Alas poor Heyward I knew him well.

Still, our pitching has been good so I'm ...
It's frustrating, but we have the lead. This is when you want J hey in the ga...
Can we just put a kitten out next time to pinch hit? At least I will feel hap...
So many men left on. This could have been a blowout by now.
HES OUT HOLY FUCK BAEZ
FUCKING OUT
I want to punch Gonzalez in the mouth
#JAVY JAVY JAVY JAVY JAVY
I'm beginning to think this Baez kid is pretty good
Thank you Jim Hendry!
>the coming out party for Javier Baez.


So you're saying there's a chance??!
Coming out party for Baez is right, Joe Buck. 🔥😍
#BI4BAEZ
[deleted]
Baez is left handed? I love him even more
Man Crush of the month Javier Baez 
INB4 Pinch hit Kershaw 
Baez gives me funny feelings. 
Jon Lester, folks. FUCK YEAH!
GOOD game Lester
Heyward should try smashing the baseballs with a rolling pin 
We are all rolling pins on this blessed day :)
Lester was one missed play by Rizzo from pitching 7 shutout innings, absolute...
lester gave what we needed. Now we need to finish the job. Score a couple mor...
Chapman never looks happy in the bullpen
He's locked in
does he look happy anywhere?  I honestly don't think I've see the man smile e...
All Business baby
He's using his anger to power those 100mph heaters
If we could score some insurance runs, that would be great. The naysayers wil...
I guess 1-2 more runs would be fine. 
Imitation Baez sucks 
[deleted]
Oh really..... Lol
I think he's just all around bad...
Controversial opinion: Baseball is more fun when you have an offense.
Lester and Ross just said to each other. This isn't our last time playing tog...
my mom fucking chose football over the NLCS earlier today, like are you serio...
[deleted]
Swiggity-swooty I'm comin for that base
Come on Dex, what are you doing? Just need a hit, not a HR
LOL
996 more to go!!!
LOL GONZALEZ's BRAIN STOPPED WORKING!
THAT'S WHAT I'M FUCKIN' TALKING ABOUT
WHY THE FUCK DID HE EVEN HESITATE?!  LMAO!
FUCK THE CLOSER COME ON KB DO IT
How long has this half an inning been....he's thrown...13.....pitches.
NEVER LEAVE US DEX, YOU FUCKING TREASURE YOU
THIS IS THE CUBS WE HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR!!!!
#I AM SO ERECT RIGHT NOW
Killing me softly... with his base hits... 
Who needs to hit the ball out of the infield? 
damn. you can't get any closer than that. 
Bryant flying down the line. It's gotta be those Express Men dress shirts.
Anybody else want to see Rizzo's dong?
Would you suck it?
Please.
It's nice that we can frustrate the Dodgers by playing baseball and not by da...
Gonzelez is like the loudmouth asshole that every pickup basketball game has....
Man Rizz looks comfortable as fuck up there. 
A Rizz dong would be pretty huge here
Rizz dong is always huge
Heh
Crowd's energy has been sucked out.  
Bears lost 26-10. Oh wells
Yeah to the Green Bay Referees. Damn them yellow and green striped zebras.
Shocker...


*sigh*
Man, even FS1 is tired of Baez's shit.
Does anyone else think that Rizzos gyrations become more pronounced when he g...
I think Mary Hart stole Larry King's seat.
30 seconds, fuck this guy
lmao @ the timer
Civilizations have risen and fallen since the beginning of this inning
There is no way Kershaw has the same type game again. Cubs are firing again, ...
Think Buck sets it up so his hotel room is directly next to Kershaw's?
They have a door in between suites as well
nah, they got dem glory holes set up there.
I love Maddon, "fuck it let's do it"
Dude soooo many missed calls. Get it right, umps. Fuck.
Watching Baez pitch is having the same effect on my attention span as watchin...
Zobrist, I will buy one of Julianna's albums if you get a basehit here
Drinking more of the good stuff tonight https://imgur.com/kvAi9Uz
I'm glad MLB put all those pace of play rules in place over the last year or ...
Replay fucking everything, sleeping is for the dead
I want another run.  I don't want Chapman going for a 6 out close.
This inning has taken like an hour lol
I'm surprised that despite the blown calls by the Umps that keep getting revi...
Umps wanted Baez off the mound 
I'm gonna be at work tired as fuck in the morning because of this game.
My Malört is starting to taste like apples. I don't know how this is happenin...
That's how you know you've had enough. Anymore and bad bad things happen.
I matched the runs yesterday and felt fine. I'm doing ounces and not full sho...
I tried that last year.

Ran out of booze way too quick.
I made this pledge during game three. It was easy then, but I'm sticking to m...
It's impressive that you're doing this with Malort. Doing all runs is how you...
Well, I usually level off at ten drinks so I figure there's very little chanc...
You've entered The Upside Down
I'll take an upside-down streak. I can fight Malört, Demogorgon ain't got shi...
[deleted]
Javy dong?
In another dimension we have their Baez and the Dodgers have our Baez. I don'...
I'm another dimension I like to think I'm Batman.  
Truly the darkest timeline.
OH GOD NO DEAR LORD JESUS
I'M BI FOR BAEZ!

Oh fuck, he hurt himself....
WELL THE HITS START COMIN AND THEY DON'T STOP COMIN AND THEY DON'T STOP COMIN...
He's okay!
Holy shit guys. When you break out of a slump you seriously break out of a sl...
I think a solid response to 18 scoreless innings is to go ahead and score 18 ...
Accurate. You go Cubbies.
I will cut my leg off and give it to Javy if it means he's ok
Oh my god. I just went from 100 to 0 to....50?
# MVP MVP MVP

^Postseason
#FUCK THE CLOSER IN FULL EFFECT!
Bring in Carl's Jr.
[deleted]
Same
Probly cramps from waiting on the other Baez to pitch so many times.
I drank 4 beers in one inning. I have no regrets. Thank you Pedro Baez. Thank...
Only 4? LOL
Son, I am disappoint.
What beer?
1 Dale's Pale Ale, 1 bud light, 2 kraftig
You must drink 4 beers every inning from now on. For the Cubs.
Lord have mercy
Were we to <ahem> have the opportunity one day, is it possible to have the DH...
I'd pinch hit Arrieta for him tonight, honestly
No, it's not legal. A pitcher can bat for himself, but the DH may not take th...
I just asked this. It's for pitchers only. 
Sorry just joined. Great minds think alike, though.
No worries. I asked a couple innings ago. It definitely got lost in the wash ...
ANOTHER five-run inning
#hey chicago, whaddya say?
What time is it over there now? Time to make breakfast?
6am oh boy.
#cubsareleadinginthe8th
Only the bottom of the eighth. 

Let's finish this quickly please. 
Ya got work tomorrow?
I have work tomorrow, but seeing as I'm 8 beers deep it may be a good day to ...
"I have a bad case off playoffitis, sorry boss."
At 1900 yeah, but damn I'm tired and want to sleep lolol. Still sick 😩
Woof same here, power through buddy you can do it!
did you guys know Toles was bagging groceries last year?
Did you hear that he worked at a Kroger?
is that true?
you see this is why insurance runs are fucking important 
God damn it, really?

Strop always makes me nervous.
Settle the fuck down, Strop.
Guys, I've figured out the issue. Pedro's hat is only at a 38 degree angle in...
#I LOVE IT
Joe Buck hates Santa, pizza and the Cubs. He sucks
Oh God Pete Rose has a baseball bat.  Everybody run!!!
Better now than in a close game I suppose
Railing must be wet
Thanks Joe!
Ah yes, what was that old saying?  
Railing is wet, pitchers don't fret  
Rai...
Strop pitching like he's 9 beers in.
To be fair, he was playing the Pedro Baez drinking game like the rest of us
I'm only 6 in. Put me in coach! 
The Cubs have scored 8 runs.  
But they're **4-for-18** with runners in scori...
We're up six. Y'all are only happy when you're worried.
We lit them the fuck up over a couple innings.  We know that can happen right...
Fair enough.
I'm just always worried 
Dodgers get 1 run, 3 more shall take its' place.  Hail Hydra!
#HAIL HYDROX 
Man I could use some oreos right now
MEMBA CUBS light up sign guy back in 07 at Arizona?
W flags behind home plate last inning reminded me of that
Wasn't that guy doing the same thing for the Sox in 05 too?  And I think the ...
Remember people, we can still pad the lead.
Eff it I just wanna see the game end. Save em for Kershaw.
It's so late though. I'm sleepy
There's no footage of Joe Buck drooling over Kershaw while he was practicing?
Now he's talking about him in his tanktop
Welcome to the kershaw show featuring the dodgers and Cubs!
I'm surprised we can understand Joe Buck with Kershaw's cock in his mouth
Has anyone said what was wrong with Baez?
They haven't said anything but it looked like he just tweaked his ankle and n...
Takes too long between pitches
snarf snarf...
Lol Joe Buck is gonna touch himself to Kershaw tonight.
#LET'S CLOSE IT OUT
If Buckie says, "and the tying run is at the plate!" one more time, I swear I...
Lol
"And the tying run is sitting next to the Gatorade cooler in the Dodgers dugo...
Wait...this just in, he's moved to the showers. 
THAT STADIUM IS SO EMPTY. 
But at least they beat the traffic home!
They know nothing of traffic. We fill a stadium with no God damn parking lot. 
I thought it was the 2nd inning with how many empty seats there are
Less stressful Chapman appearance ever
Nothing says "Fuck You" like a 6 run save by Chapman. 
is Chapman working on something? something is different
What the fuck is with this strikezone
I think Chapman is really rusty. Which is why Maddon brought him in. Shake it...
Joe buck just said he was a great pitcher in his homeland.... what a racist f...
#STOP STRANDING FUCKING RUNNERS!!!!!!
sooo... Baez for series MVP?

Let's win it first.
"Bullpen doing the job"? You mean giving up extra base hits and getting line ...
Hard to think straight when you've got Kershaw's dick in your ass.
#GUYS WE PAID LESTER LIKE 150 MILLION AND HE'S WAY BETTER THAN DAVID PRICE WH...
My Red Sox fanatic friend is still furious about that.
Well, why wouldn't he be? Lester is WAY better than Price, except for throwin...
#THEO IS A GENUIS
I'M BI FOR THEO AND BAEZ
Yeah but can he throw to first? Jk love me some Lester 
LMFAO
I wish I was a pretty decent left handed starting pitcher.
Same :/
I remember wanting price over Lester 🙈
Pedro Baez is torture on the mound. If this dude was a starter, Dodgers games...
Lol all you superstitious Mothafuckas thinking a flag gonna cost us 
Of course it's not gonna make a difference... it's just kind of bad form. But...
No one actually thinks they will come back but its just rude.
Nothing more superstitious than a baseball fan, unless it's a baseball player.
If I was there I'd already be next to him yelling to put it away.
Dude, we're cubs fans.  Maybe we won't be *super*stitious, but of course we'l...
Who's your POTG? I got Lester 7 2/3 innings 8k 1ER 4BB
I'm saying Russell. I think he's gonna play the game of his life 3-4 with 4 R...
I agree.. I think Russell is gonna get hot tonight at the plate. We're coming...
And the GWRBI
Anything other than 9 innings 27k 0ER 0BB is wrong
Your name. Something about it... sounds off to me.
Kirsch.....your expectations are.....adequate & reasonable. 
Let's get this W!

I'd much rather face Kershaw with a game in hand and a cha...
I might miss the start of the game cheer for me guys
Go Spectre211286, Go!

Oh, wait..
I approve of this sarcasm. Very dad-like. 
I'm kind of pissed off that I need to walk to go get beer and a burrito. I WF...
I live in LA, office full of dodger fans, and it's frustrating because they'r...
Last I checked 10 was still greater than 3.
math is hard
I can understand the momentum shift due to that play.  But saying 10 runs was...
Received my "I ain't afraid of no goat shirt" today.  Gotta change out of it ...
I was just on the Dodgers subreddit and it was chalked full of cute cats wear...
Because this is the playoffs and who gives a shit about your pets. 
Because we have dogs
I have one of my old [cat](http://imgur.com/a/joNeo)! Wish I knew where the s...
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I bet you were stuck like that for 4 hours.  Super cute pic!
Purrrfect!
We are more of a dog subreddit.
Can you tell who my female cat's favorite player is? http://i.imgur.com/3ulMg...
I'm at work during the game, but the Cubs have never lost while im at work so...
Reggie Jackson sounds sharp as a knife, if I just heard his voice I'd've only...
So... apparently Fox here won't show the game live (again). Fuck this guys. E...
These games have never been on Fox. They're on Fox Sports 1 (FS1) it's a comp...
No, I know. I was just generalizing with all the Fox signals. Out of the 3, I...
Also, if you have a TWC, DirecTV login or somethign similar you can stream fr...
huh? FS1 is a dedicated channel. Either you have it, or you don't... If you d...
Yeah.. I live in South America. I guess it's different here with their signal...
My pants spilt entirely in half, from waist band to zipper... and I have to s...
Can confirm. Choir concert last night. Dues paid.
Ken Bone?
I wish, then at least I'd be popular amongst my kids.
Everyone make sure to drink the same beer as last night.
you got it mate!
I can't, I have a sacrifice in place to the baseball gods that went into effe...
Hot apple cider out of a Duff Beer mug, same as last night! 
But that means no beer. And that's just too much to ask of me.
I see you FS1. I see you actually producing a hypey intro to the game. It's a...
working on a little pre-game photo edit of Jon Lester
I believe in lesterday
Don't worry I'm here
"God, put this guys voice AND some of those Rich hill curves in my ass and I'...
I thought that was an awesome Anthem
So, I need advice. I'm close enough to Cleveland, and purchased a standing ro...
Holy shit. Now that guy sang the national anthem!
Oh please, please, please give me a disappointed Pete Rose 3 1/2 hours from now.
FTR he did pick the Cubs to win the NLCS, so he's probably got some good mone...
LETS  
FUCKING  
GO
I mean he's no Jim Cornelison, but that guy sure can sing
Vin was cool, the rest was garbage.
DEXY! YOU GO WE GO
#NO HITTER LOST
I LOVE WHEN BINNY'S HAS TO MAKE A $100 DONATION
I would love a first inning score so much.
Just wanted to drop by and wish you guys luck.  As a life-long Red Sox fan, I...
For a playoff game, the crowd looks a little weak.
it's been like that for the first couple innings all set. It'll fill up in a ...
it's LA. they take pride in showing up after the 3rd and leaving in the 7th. ...
Lol. Silly LA fans.
LA traffic. Isn't full until the third. 
RIZZZZOZOOOOOOOOOO
HAIL SZCZURS BAT
....Szczur didn't want his bat back, did he? 
USE THAT BAT FOREVER
So many Cubs fans that are Bears/Packers fans... Ratings are going to be sad
Jesus..with these fucking stats...
Great hit by Rizzo, fantastic base running by Dex.
#Has Maeda been possessed by Pedro Baez?!
Whoever bought pizza everytime the Cubs won better get some fucking pizza ton...
[Maeda like](http://m.imgur.com/9unfFH5?r)
I'm drinking ouzo again and Rizzo has another extra base hit RBI. Everybody d...
my dumb neighbor is drinking jizz
Is Zima still around? I haven't seen that since the 90s I think
If you still have a bottle of Zima, I ... well I dunno, maybe go ahead, YOLO ...
If you put a jolly rancher in the bottom of a zima, it taste like a bitch dri...
J...Jizz?
Every time I see the back of his jersey I mistakenly read it as "Madea" and t...
That was a generous as fuck strike call.
Painted the corner of the batters box
Those types of calls are rally/momentum killers
literally a foot off
That wasn't even fucking close to be a strike.
Blue fucked us big time there.
At work with gameday. On a scale from 1-10 how bad was that strike call?
 11 because it was a game changer
It was parallel with the batters box chalk line. 
Like a 3. It was a ball, but it wasn't 5 feet like everyone's reacting, and w...
Gameday had it way outside couple inches at least.
7.5
12
About an 8. Pretty horrible call. 

We shall see if those types of calls will...
"Heyward pops it up" is getting like a broken record
lol how fucking big is this strike zone??
Lester better get that call 3 inches off the plate....
Physics is rigged against us
**CROWDS BACK** lol they sure are aren't they
Heyward has a lot of work to do this offseason 
Anytime there's a ball that's called a strike I'd like a cartoon Trump head t...
Nice double play setup
Look how far Hernandez is off the base

*about to fall towards 1st*
Just fucking toss it over there Jon, fuck. What the fuck is that stupid dance.
The fuck Lester is getting squeezed hard 
"Hurr duh derr, we'll just all bunt!"
One Ross pickoff and they'll calm down 
Seager gets his token one hit per game nbd
Knowing this guy is 0-16 against Lester means he'll prob hit a ball to outer ...
I swear if I hear that fucking guy yell "YEAH" after every hit I'll probably ...
Seager stop being good, ump stop being bad.

Kthx.
That was closer than the strike on Baez...
Alright this guy who keeps talking to the mic is going to drive me insane 
Ruiz you know damn well you got that call last inning
If Lester is good at anything it's pitching out of jams 
They made sure we knew he wasn't known for pick offs at first base.
You should have seen the traffic last Christmas in Chicago.   He got traffic ...
Dude can literally do it all
Hey, the leadoff walk didn't come back to bite him. All right!
and exhale 
#LESTER IS BESTER
"tight strike zone" LMAO!
Smoltz is downright obsessed with the Dodgers not stealing on Lester. He was ...
lmao do they really think they're going to get in the head of 19 game winner ...
So it's quite clear the key to the game for me not to have a fucking heart at...
Are you actually sleeping these days, or are you just receiving sustenance fr...
I dream of sleep.  
Wow, impressive!
Empire wants the guys to hit the ball tonight. Tight ass strike zone. 

Edit:...
I know people don't like him either but I'll rather have Matt V calling this ...
I asked this earlier but nobody answered. Why can't Jon throw to 1st? Like i ...
He has just been historically bad at pick-offs, and with each bad throw his c...
No, it isn't physical. It's all mental. He's terrified that he'll throw it aw...
It's a mental block.
It's all in his head, literally.
Mental
How did that develop? And is it really that bad to the extent that you have r...
I mean I don't know anything specific but some people just have things that m...
I hope Ross talks to Lester - Reminds him that he's behind the plate and Javy...
Ooof...Addi just missed that mistake pitch.
These clowns are a parody of themselves with out blatantly biased they are
Maeda's facial expressions are A+.
Good contact from Lester ):
Lester looks fucking furious
Good hack. If the wind was blowing out...
Wiping the food off his chin haha.
Why did Szczur even have his bats in LA if he's not on the roster?
Just being prepared 
Injuries and BP.
I assume the equipment manager has all their bats and stuff?
first guy in if they have to replace someone on roster due to injury?
He knew Rizzo would need them
They knew
okay that was adorable
Wheres the gif? you all know what im talking about

Good ABs by our guys this inning. Maeda is already at 40+ pitches. 
Maeda isn't looking efficient. Hopefully we can get some runs off of him soon...
Then we feast on the soft underbelly of their bullpen.
Joe Buck accepts Clayton Kershaw as his lord and savior.

http://www.roadsodi...
These "Undisputed" commercials with Shannon Sharpe claiming that the Cowboys ...
Does joe buck get tons of hate on twitter, im assuming?  I am starting to lik...
Give him the finger wag all the way back to the bench, Jon.
I really wanna see one of them get thrown out for arguing balls and strikes.
Gone-zalez
Guys, guys, the tv said he was safe.
Throw his pouting ass out.
#K
Alright start tossing them. Can't bitch every strikeout you pussies 
This ump's strike zone is very inconsistent 
How rude, Gonzalez should be more polite like that Rizzo kid.
Yep. About the same call on Bryant. Can't complain here... 
Shouldn't have looked on something that close at 3-2
DAE like Puig still
I hate the Dodgers for obvious reasons and even I like Puig. 
I love puig tbh
LMAO LESTER SAYS FUCK YOU CUNT
lol my god lester
Lester, Lester, Dodger molester.
Lmao that was so bad but it works
AND LESTER HAS SUCCESSFULLY THROWN TO FIRST
Lol, fuck off Dodgers with your bunting.
HAHAHAH FUCK YES LESTER 
Atta boy Jon ... stare at them for their failed fuckery.
GET REKT FUCKERS
The ole Jonny Lester lawn dart 1-3
Joc is an L-7 weenie!!  Oscar Mayer, even!  A dodger dog!
Seems like there's a lot of tension this game... Wouldn't be surprised to see...
Can we score like 10 runs again and call it a game
The WNBA championship game is on tonight. I didn't even know they were in the...
HOW THE FUCK DOES AN MLB PLAYER NOT HAVE THE ABILITY TO THROW THE FUCKING BAL...
The yips. It's a real thing man. It's just a mental block.
Because he doesn't. Thankfully in his skillset are balls of steel and a great...
*Dellin Betances flashbacks*
Was going to down vote. Saw username. 
It's completely in his head
Szczur is never getting that bat returned. He should consider himself lucky R...
Why are there so many empty seats?  I understand regular season showing up la...
Game starting at 5 in la. If you can afford seats you've probably got a job p...
Fighting through LA traffic is akin to trying to break down a brick wall with...
Have you driven in LA? It's awful.
They blame it on traffic. Like no other city has traffic. 
Every city has traffic, but LA traffic is remarkably bad even compared to oth...
I know but I wanted to take a cheap shot at Dodgers fans. 
Best interview ever.
Matt Szczur's a qt3.14
Rizzo's batting .294 now lmfao
They should not have interviewed him. Dick dick move. 
In all honesty. I lived out in California for years when I was little (early ...
I lived in Cali as a kid in the early 90s too, can confirm, California fuckin...
As a current LA resident, it hasn't changed one bit
I'll have what you're having, buddy. 
Just your standard beer and shit.
Buck should do "kids say the funniest things"  by interviewing random kids in...
These balls off the pitchers glove are freaking me out.
I love the playfulness 
Lmao Brian Hoyer just got injured 
I love you Javy.
....okay, *that* was kinda funny. Dorks. 
Can we get a gif or streamable of that?
Looking the pitchers pitch counts like: http://i.imgur.com/orZCO56.jpg
What happened with baez and riz?
My mom used to tease me when I was younger about how much stress I would be u...
Corey Seager wears whitey tighties
And now we see why he doesn't cut his hair.
... That's a strike.

#BRING ME THE ROBO UMP
WTF THAT WAS A STRIKE. WOW.
Seriously, what is the fucking strike zone
Well yeah that was more inside than the curve. 
Cool strike zone tonight 👍
Strike 4
Damn. Fucking shitty ass strike Zone
Is there even a strike zone?
does this ump want him to throw it down the fucking middle god damn
Can you believe these calls? It's use against the world!!!!
Welp, just gotta strike him out for a 2nd time this at bat.
#FIRED UP
[Strike 5.](https://media.giphy.com/media/ZiqKnttOBINUY/giphy.gif)
What was that?

Also can someone gif Joe's face for me? For the betterment of...
^DO ^ME ^LESTER
All righty, now get us some more insurance runs!
great job by Lester to stay in the moment and finish Seager
Good K Lester!
Fuck... I just realized that I'm almost 90 seconds (or more) behind watching ...
Worried about his pitch count but at least he's fucking hype 
Someone please GIF Maddon shaking his head now
Maeda was winking S.O.S. in Morse code
I THOUGHT THAT WAS A HOME RUN, MY BODY WAS READY.

I'll take Maedas reaction ...
I love that there's a million Cubs fans at the game 
I'm ok with no bunt with Ross and Lester up after. 
I just moved to Texas. Watching a shitty stream in my apartment currently, bu...
Yep. Sit at bar
Where at in TX?
Dallas. Oak Lawn specifically. In search of cubs fans still!
Ahh.  There are several threads in the past, that people listed Cubs bars in ...
Find a seat at the bar and have a few beers, and some wings. It's perfectly a...
absolutely.
Check out hehestreams.xyz  It's amazing dude.
Work at Bdubs, can confirm it's fine. 
The hehe stream is super solid
Just sit at the bar 
heighth?
Russell didn't swing at one good pitch
Addison, come on now
Addi needs to put on yesterday's underwear
The. Same. Exact. Pitch.
Fool me once and keep swinging at same pitch 6 more times. 
Rossy is gonna break this one wide open 
Too many K's against this scrub 
Ross walked for a bases loaded Lester bomb.
Can't leave these guys on base...we need to score here
Imagine if Lester hits a dong here.  
You're bringing in a reliever for Lester?

...huh?
Damn hit just a little too hard. That looked like it would have dropped when ...
Lester is going to go deep here... I feel it in my bones.
So scared of Lester's bat they're changing pitchers!
I'm kind of surprised that they're bringing out Fields to get out Lester 
No one knows whats going on anymore. 
Really wish Ross could have plated a run there, and honestly a bit shocked to...
Take until you get a strike Jon.
Twitter: Lester is 2 for 20 against 95+ mph.
Smoltz, stop calling it cheating, it's called *swinging at fastballs*
The crowd is pretty dead for only being down 1-0
This pitcher is so slow.
Lester is making pretty good contact tonight
Fuck, should have had a run that inning.
1 run isn't going to win this game...my anxiety is rising 
Ross and Russell have the step up there!
Russell expanding his strike zone again. Needs to relax, and wait for a good ...
Positive vibes
Hopefully Lester can get a quick 1-2-3 here
They're using the bullpen knowing they've got a day of rest and then Kershaw....
That's clearly safe...
KB slow as shit with that tag.
Baez would've made a better tag. He's so good at letting the ball travel as f...
"us against the world"
not getting baez in is gunna kill us
#NEED A K HERE!!!
Javy would've got the tag on him in time.
"One of the best hitters in the universe..." seriously? I don't even know how...
Go get fucked Gonzales 
We are fine y'all. We knew this wasn't gonna be a one run affair for the dodg...
Can't waste god damn lead off doubles 
Buck fucks up someone's name at least twice a game. Fucking tard
How about we stop stranding runners? :D 
Bad tags and bad fielding. Let's hope that doesn't bite us.
I HATE THIS SERIES THIS IS SUCH A GOOD SERIES 
Puig is trash 
Cmon babybears
Come'on now. we knew it wasn't going to stay 1-0. We need hits and runs. No f...
Top of the lineup due up.  Let's get some runs!
I'm pretty upset about how much the Dodgers players were celebrating a ground...
A run is a run 
It's an important game, we would be if it was us.
Yeah why would they celebrate scoring. 
Some dongers would greatly benefit me. Cubs dongers only
Hey offense, do a thing.
Lets fucking go boys. There's the hit from KB
Krismas! Let's open this fucking gift early
We gotta get this run in 
Great hit KB.

Now for the love of god, get him home!
Let's go Rizzczur!
Oh yes, yes Blanton please. 
Maybe time to grab a new bat, Rizzo
Ball five Rizzo, damn it
This is why we brought Zo in. Big hit incoming.
Damn really needed Rizzo there. Fuck 
just one of those nights on the worst possible night 
More RISP problems...Come on Zob we need to get this run in 
Holy fuck this game is going on forever
Guys we haven't even stranded anybody this inning yet jesus christ the inning...
That was ball 4
Strike zone is a fucking hexagon
This fucking ump I swear to god...
That strike zone looks like a fucking polyhedron. 
I mean Lester's gotten some outs on pitches like that so at least he's consis...
this zone is ridiculous
dammit. We're gunna lose if we can't get these runners in
Dayton had no control and we still couldn't do anything
Let's stay positive 
Back to this crap.  At least we had one stress free night.  
Reeeeeally need to stop leaving runners on like this 😑
It's frustrating we're leaving men on base, but at least we're getting on, un...
Baseball is not fun again. 
This ump has not been constant at all with his strike zone. Lester is not get...
really could use a 1-2-3 inning here...
now where the fuck was that?!
Where the fuck was that ump?
So we're halfway through. Baseball luck isn't paying us any favors with hit s...
Should have walked then gets babiped hard. Sorry Zo
I hate these umps so much
[That was a ball???](http://imgur.com/a/CBPnM)

Do we get 2 outs for that?
And the Oscar goes to....
Javy Baez!
Kanye's Waves playin. These LA niggas are playin chi-town music
Guess the strikezone isn't the only thing they can fuck up.
I don't know what angle I'm seeing but pitches inside and outside look like s...
You're not seeing things. They are strikes but the strike zone has been all o...
yeah they are... except for the ump.
The camera is tilted. It's not straight behind the plate
Please don't have Chapman go 2 innings for a save here if it comes down to it...
He hasn't come in clean in the 8th though. 
I know. If he starts the inning I won't complain. I just hate seeing him thro...
Well yeah that's the whole discussion. If Lester can't get clean through 7 th...
In all honesty the last time he did it he struck out two and it was just a go...
True. As long as he starts the inning I guess I wouldn't complain. I'd rather...
Takes 5ish strikes for an out tonight
Remember when that exact pitch was a strike on Javy?
I like the way you pitch, Lester.
Javy Bomb coming right up
This is on pace for a 4 hour game
I take extra pleasure in Kike striking out after his first inning bullshit. F...
What happened in the first? I was at work
Kike got walked and he was literally dancing while leading off trying to dist...
What did he do? I was in class. 
Kike got walked and he was literally dancing while leading off trying to dist...
What a punk. Ew.  
Bats are awake, guys. We've had some really hard-hit balls that fielders have...
/u/unfortunatelylawless, how you keepin'?
Watching the GIANTS sub (late correction), they shat on us when they were los...
Yep, apparently I'm going to cry at every home run we hit this series
#MAXIMUM INHALER USAGE

ADDI!!!!!
I came! 

I saw!

I came again!
I did like that.  
#VROOM VROOOM
#MASTUSZ MAGIC? MORE LIKE SZCZUR MAGIC
Gotta be the Z's.
Zyztryznyzyyyy?
He's going to be our secret weapon. 
Blanton put it right down the middle? Game is rigged for the Cubs. 
LOVE IT. FUCK OFF BUCK
Look at that speed!
WHEELS
#ONE HIT FROM THE BABY ONE HIT FROM THE GRANDPA!!!
Grandpa's got some gas in the tank!
#ADDISON "ALL STAR" RUSSELL
**I LOVE THIS TEAM**
THE OLD MAN TAKING 2!
http://imgur.com/7XPD1KQ.jpeg
#BAT FLIP LESTER
Can someone make the dog flashback gif with Joe Blanton and Cubs homers?
Ok bad fan and I should know this, but what's the paper covers rock thing tha...
babip them to death. also check out the wheels on the ol hot rod
Hurt my chest celebrating haha. Still feeling chest day lol.  So happy for Ad...
lester thinking "FUCK that was my pitch"
Thank you Joe Blanton for blowing another outing and picking up our offense i...
Addi just wanted us to wait for the big knock. It's more exhilarating that way.
PROTECT THIS LEAD
Blanton's ERA is 31.50
Almost like Kershaws after the 7th? True, if large
NLCS MVP
Noice
Lol if we didn't score that inning I was ready to call for heywards head 
And that's why we keep Heyward in. 
It's remarkable how not-nervous I feel compared to last night.  
Going into l...
Joe "I can't read a flyball" Buck
Rizzo with some yips tonight...
https://twitter.com/ckamka/status/789294499486920704
Buck already at it with the tying run to the plate again 
We have had some rather sloppy infield defense tonight.
Damn. Rizzo gets that most of the time. Tighten up boys
2 blown plays rizz. What's going on. 
Just setting up the double play.
THAS A REALLY NASTY HOP, JUST REALLY ATE HIM UP THERE.
Please don't do that again, Anthony.
**EVERYBODY DRINK!**
Roger
I'm drunk on Malört. I don't know how I came to this point in my life, but I'...
Dude...
I have been starting with 6 oz of Malört and matching oz-for-run. At least it...
I've got your back.  I'd much rather spend 8-10 dollars on a good six pack th...
Yeah, I made the Malört-for-runs bet for the last two games and had a lot of ...
You're stronger than I am.  I still have nightmares from when someone took a ...
I am one of the few that can tolerate it. You kind of have to fake a reaction...
Dodgers have had 4 hits, 1 walk. That's 5 base runners over 5 innings. Am I m...
Weird that when I was listening to the radio stream of game 3 Pat and Ron wer...
Dp dp dp dp dp dp dp dp dp dp dp dp dp dp dp dp 
Holy shit! That wrigley outfield
That basket catch tho
THE CATCH. BASKET CATCH. TRAPPED AGAINST HIS BODY. ROSS.
Yeah we're going to need that Miggy fuhgetaboutit gif from the ball in the du...
We need a gif of that face and motion Montero just made in the dugout
Thankfully Lester doesn't have to listen to Joe Buck all game. Can you imagine?
Lester gives exactly zero fucks about your lead at first.
#LETS

#GET

#SOME

#RUNS
#GODDAMN JON YOU ARE A SEXY MOTHER FUCKER
#lesterday
Ignoring how biased he is. Buck just sucks an announcer anyway. How on earth ...
Ohhhhhhhh so this is why we paid that man?
Lester is dealing. Kinda want to keep him in for the 7th and 8th if he keeps ...
Needs to come out for the 7th at least.
At best we get 7 I think.   Chapman pitches last two.  
I'm done with Chapman and 6 out save opportunities. Give hom. A setup man. Ch...
No fucking around here lets widen the lead!
#"ALL STAR" Addison Russell

Get it right, Joe.
Joe Blanton is my favorite Chicago Cub.
[I guess that's it for Blanton](https://youtu.be/HpixdTlYlKU?t=30s)
FUCK YO SHIFT
Damn Rizz. That bunt was fucking perfect.
Fuck yo shift!
Love the bunt 
That might be the most beautiful bunt I have ever seen.
I wish guys would do that more 
HOLY FUCK RIZZO BUNT! GIVE ME MORE UNICORNS!
That's smart baseball let's go 
Genius
Oh my, Rizzo. Just stop it, now you're just showing off.
Noice.
Bunting is underrated. If they're shifting on you and you can drop one then f...
START IT UP WITH A BUNT AGAIN
Fucking smart baseball, let's keep it up!
[Fuck yeah, Rizzo.](https://gfycat.com/InsistentAmpleKronosaurus)
RIZZ SAYS FUCK YO SHIFT!
Great bunt.  
Rizzo's perfect fuck you to the Dodgers showing bunt this whole game. 
Not the inferior Baez, dear god...
Oh god Pedro Baez is coming in, time to start brewing some coffee....
Buck's only talking about grinding because he's holding a picture of Kershaw.
I hope Larry King lives long enough to watch his team lose
That clock isn't going to help Baez get ready. 30 seconds isn't enough time f...
I'm too god damn drunk for my Pandora station to be playing The Green Fields ...
THE FEELS!


Now I feel sad...
[deleted]
So far tonight the commentators have called Rizzo Bryant and Contreras Baez. ...
Just get hit in the ass again
Praying for the Great Jason Heyward Redemption.
Games like this I do like living on the west coast.
I be tired. Was up at 5 today and these 11pm end times are killing me 
It's 11 here in the eastern time zone. 
MT for the win.
Can you imagine paying a shit ton of money for those seats only to have to de...
Same spot twice in a row. Should have crushed both.
So freaking slow between pitches. I'm gonna be dead in class tomorrow...
J Hey just has no confidence in his swing.... Sitting on stuff he should be s...
Their annoying stadium is giving me a fucking headache
Heyward just looks like he's completely lacking confidence, honestly it's kin...
If pop ups counted as runs Heyward would be unstoppable 
Ugh, more blue balls. at least we're winning. #ThanksAddi
Heyward really needs help with his swing 
This Heyward experiment has run its course, for awhile. 
Please bench him at home, this isn't "sticking with a guy" anymore this is go...
if heyward starts one more game this post season im gonna lose my shit.  espe...
holy shit am I sick of jason heyward
New drinking game for people trying to cut back, take a shot whenever Heyward...
https://twitter.com/CubsUmp/status/789301621629054978


But he should have swung at that!!! /s
[**@CubsUmp**](https://twitter.com/CubsUmp/)

> [2016-10-21 03:05 UTC](http...
Give Heyward the Szczur bat, pronto!
Heyward at bats are so fucking depressing.

2 run lead HOLD IT DOWN BOYS. 
Did you people forget how good Heyward is defensively?
They don't care. They need runs or the team sucks.
not good enough to make up for his offensive fuckery
At this point it doesn't matter.  A serviceable defender that would be light ...
Gonzalez is so fucking ANNOYING
OUT!
#I think we got him
My God Javy  
It couldn't happen to a better guy! Lol Gonzalez! 
It's Gonzalez vs the world still. 
Uh oh, Gonzalez gonna whine on Twitter after this one as well.
I mean...are you kidding me Baez?!?!?!

What a huge play.
YO ADRIAN WHINE ABOUT THAT
So why does a guy like Gonzalez try to bunt for a hit? He's been their best h...
Uh did you not hear he's the best hitter in the universe
[deleted]
Yeah but Rizzo dropped down a perfect shift beater down the third base line. ...
Cuz lester
He wanna be like Rizzo!
Think Gonzalez will whine about that on Twitter? 
quick! What can heyward wear that's Szczur's!
"Jason, try this jock strap"
the Bench.
Baez is the Rob Van Dam of MLB
Gonzalez looks like a telenovelas villian. 
"The coming out party for Baez in October 2016"

Um, he's been doing this all...
on a national stage though
Had plenty of those this year too.
JFC what a couple of clowns
New award: Platinum Glove. Just for Baez.
That actually already exists.
Doh! My bad
Haha nah, it's all good. It isn't exactly a well known award.
Fowler is gonna make bank in the off season. That move back has made his defe...
Should we take up a collection?
I'd throw in $20
Do you think they have a license to carry that gun playing second
Finish this Lester
Tight leash but I like it. Thanks Lester, you are bae, you did good. Slam the...
Just two more strikes
Without that Baez play we're what, 1st and 3rd with 1 out?
Buck talking about the steal with two outs in the 7th down 2. Wtf dude.
You have to be thinking steal against Lester. You have to be shitting your pa...
Dodgers might have been, but why should Lester care?
Fucking sensational, Jon. Absolutely outstanding. Well done, well fucking done.
Thank you, Lester. You've done more for us than we ever would have imagined.
Good job Jester, bring this home Chapman!
There's more than a couple of games that would look a hell of a lot different...
After all that craziness, Rizzo hitting .300 now.
Lester was fantastic tonight!  Who comes in for the 8th?
The Slim Reaper
Carl's Jr?
This is why we paid Lester the big bucks 
The Cubs bunts better than the Dodgers, even when they weren't intentionally ...
Only one Baez can field!
If the Cubs win the World Series, I am going to ask out this super cute baris...
Do it anyway! Then please do keep us updated :)
Ask her out anyway. If Blanton can pitch in the majors then you can ask out t...
You should do it anyway.
Eventually you can tell your son, David, and your daughter, Addison, the stor...
lol, they think the pitcher would actually be able to slow down, field the ba...
Lester had one hell of a game tonight.
Addison Hustle
Chapman for two worries me
Chapman for 2 innings kind of scares me
Contreras has ice in his veins 
Willy quickly becoming my favorite cubby 
I'm going on record saying I do not like 6 out saves..... on that note, FUCK ...
I trust Chappie, but I don't like two inning saves
Contreras needs to play every day
Really don't want to see Chapman for two innings. Hasn't gone well for us thi...
He wont inherit runners which should make things way easier for him. He is al...
Great point, thanks for making me feel better about it. 
I love that blank stare by Contreras after he has a big hit!
Larry King leaving early again?
PLEASE GOD SOMEONE TELL ME THEY HAVE A GIF OF MADDON 
I don't know how I feel about Chapman pitching 2 innings.
When the ball hits the fat guy like a big pizza pie that's Almora!
2nd beer of the inning. Keep taking your time Baez!
"By that guy"

shows Gonzalez
if we fail to score....I'm going to rage.
Runs please.  Runs would be nice.
Pretty sure I could go to the bathroom between these pitches
Holy shit Dex! SAFE!
I really don't need to drink a third beer this inning, but I feel like I owe ...
Cheers, pulling out another one!
Alright Dex, I'll drink to that. 
Rizzo is up next. Save one for when Buck mentions Sczur's bat again.  
Instant chug
#SEXY DEXY > SEXY REXY
put this shit to bed KB
DODGERS ARE SHOOK, FAM
Ask for a replay Gonzalez. I dare you.
COACH ALWAYS SAID YOU NEVER FUCKING SLIDE INTO FIRST, YOU AMAZING SON OF A BITCH
Lol Dex I love you but don't slide like that again.  If Gonzo steps on those ...
#IN DEX WE TRUST
Shit is spraying absolutely everywhere like a geyser and it's the most beauti...
Gonzalez can suck me. 
LOL THAT WASNT EVEN A BALL BUT IDGAF
You get an infield hit! You get an infield hit!
HOLY SHIT SAFE??
Baez has only thrown 14 pitches.
FUCKING RESPECTING 90!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH

*takes deep breath*

HAAA...
I love both Baezs
"Killing us softly in the eighth" yeah, we know you're against us. That's wha...
>"Killing us softly in the eighth" yeah, we know you're against us. That's wh...
I definitely heard "us", but I'm pretty drunk, so I dunno...
If it goes right, this game should end at the same time I can start playing c...
Bruh.. Battlefield 1
nah man Civ VI 
Gonzalez involved with that review so you know its going in our favor
"the call is safe"

nice camera angle fucko
Lol that's two against Gonzalez!!  He deserves every one of those calls going...
Rizzo average up to .300
Killing them softly? What in the shit. 
Man, the Doggies defense is trash.
Blanton/Baez for President
babip guys accepted our sacrifices. thank you based gods! sorry bears
HAH, Baez clock.
Is Rizzo trying to start a playoff beard? I hope he tries to grow it out that...
Larry King peaced out 
The timer. Lol.
Clearly safe.
Umps seriously?
I know we have replay for this reason but that's not even close
Haha horrendous call by that ump. 
Jeez how so the umps even miss that at first glance? It wasn't even bang-bang
the umps are just so bad. 
Joe, "I saw that from here"
Dex's face though
civ vi in 15 minutes, everyone
Let me know if it's good! I love v but idk about vi
played a little, but i may have to turn it in. the engine is a LOT different ...
Oh snap forgot about that
I don't think my circa 2011 mac can handle it...
I'll get it in like a year or two when it's $20
HYPE! But if my computer can't handle it I might break a wall...
i'll break a wall with my computer and/or vice versa
New engine is said to be running it very well, so hopefully youll be good.
Pedro Baez doesn't seem like he cares 
What an annoying piece of shit this guy Baez is. This has to fuck with his te...
Well, he is just unbearable. 
I NEED more runs!
Anyone else feeling a Baez Bomb??
Anyone have the time on this half inning?
9 hours, 27 minutes, 5 seconds. Or it sure feels like it. 
I would like to know also. 
Dodgers fans don't show up until the 3rd and leave in the 8th. Why have a bas...
LA traffic bruh 
traffic
/s 
Grand slam Javy pls
You guys are doing great.  Keep it up!  :)
Noooo baez, don't be hurt!
#NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BAEZ NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
don't let him tough it out, pull him and get him looked at.
#BAEZ NO NO NO NO NO
#YES! FUCK! YES! FUCK!
Baez take all my health!!!!!
Dat Javy chant though! 
Is that a Javy Javy Javy chant? :)
Jus a lil cramp shh bb is ok
I fucking love Stripling.
don't be hurt please and please
https://gfycat.com/FrenchNaughtyBarnswallow
Jason "Pop Out" Heyward
Mass exodus at Dodgers Stadium
I WAS TOO BUSY FREAKING OUT IS JAVY OKAY?
Laughing it off.  Should be ok
I think so, personally I'd pull him now just to not risk it.
Guys, I think our offense is alright
Heyward on with 2 outs is like the human signal of the inning ending.
**BAEZ TAKE MY ENERGY**
I aint no real doctor, but it looks like its just cramps
well, guess its decided. my first cubs jersey will be a baez one. dont even d...
Pedro Baez drives slow in the leftmost lane on the highway.
Stroop gonna stroop 
Finally got that double play
Read on r/baseball that the average game time of the ALCS was under 3 hours.....
Pedro Baez probably contributing to that...and the bullpen fuckery.
That's just Baez. 
calllllllllm it down, OurPedro
Dat sexy dp. Love it.
You take the good. You take the bad. The facts of Strop.

Bosio like what the fuck are you doing Pedro
Strop has not looked good in the playoffs. 
I hate it, but we may need to leave him off the WS roster provided we make it.
That's not a horrible idea.  Leave him off in favor of Szczur or LaStella maybe?
Maybe one of the deserving guys in the pen.

Cahill?
Yeah I only said batters cuz they brought little Z on for this series, if he ...
I feel great if Chapman goes in up 6
That's okay. Don't freak out. Just one more out. We don't want to screw up th...
And thats why we got all those runs
Good work. Chapman closes out the 9th to stay fresh. 
They get one run, we get three.
Would've liked to see the set up men look lights out
I wouldn't exactly call Strop our "set-up" man. I'm pretty sure he's behind b...
he's definitely one of our set-up men, though. Which is why I said men, becau...
#LET'S GET MORE RUNS
Strop, I'm sorry I stopped drinking :/
People stop drinking? 
Joe buck Loooooves Clayton
Anyone wanna take bets that Buck will still be slurping off Kershaw even when...
Lol the kid in the green dabbing 
Russell you motherfucker. Keep kicking ass.
"No baseball in his hand... Well..."
Man, Russell has done such a turnaround the last few nights. Love it. 
So hot for Kershaw he can't even see the ball in his hand
And now you can clearly hear "Let's Go Cubbies"
Joe buck likes kershaw's tank top.
I just clicked we have Almora-Dex-Heyward OF right now.   Holy shit that's se...
What a douchey outfit Kershaw is rocking
"Let's go Cubbies" -- Dodger Stadium
Yes, we know how much you guys love Kershaw. Jesus fucking Christ 
What time was the first pitch at?  This shit is taking forever.  
7:08 central 
Shit, was this a 7? Has this been longer than 4 hours?
Alittle over 4 hours ago.
7:07 central..
It's been about 4 hours. 2 of them were Baez in the top half of the 8th.
[I take it back, Joe Buck has always been quality...](https://www.youtube.com...
Mitchell... Mitchell... Mitchell
Mitchell....
Dying 
I would pay so much for a pure stream of baseball. No commentary, no flashbac...
Clearly working on the breaking ball
Chappie working on his slider
It's amazing how much this series has made me dislike A. Gonz.  I was cool wi...
How could you be cool with that face???
I guess the opposite is true too though, I'm pretty sure of California hates ...
I mean, yeah, 30 seconds between pitches is nuts.
And he said he loves Chicago so much, he wanted to come here and play for us....
Who are these brosephs always flanking theo
Jed Hoyer and Jason McLeod.
One his Jed Hoyer
Closers often don't do well in non save situations.
I think Joe just gave Chapman the all clear to bring the heat.  
Ok stop fucking around
Stop making it interesting... please...
R-E-L-A-X
time for a game ending triple play
Can we just end this and not experiment my god.  
There's the fastball
Settle down people. He is up 6 and he literally threw nothing but sliders to ...
I'm so drunk. I'm so high. Come on Cubbies. I want to win this one.
Surprised Adrian didn't go but hey, I suppose it is a "what's the point, 1 me...
I want to punch that douche holding the W flag 
Did Baez just give up the double play to prevent a run from scoring while up ...
I think the throw pulled him a little and the slide was a good breakup slide.
He wasn't going to get Pederson at first 
Remember when Chapman was scary..
[deleted]
We're lucky that wasn't a homer. can we stop fuckng around and finish them off?
Hey- not sure if you have heard- but Joe Buck's boyfriend, Kreshaw, is pitchi...
Ok let's not give them hope plz
Chap hasn't been good when it's mattered. Kinda concerning. 
I feel like dodger fans are more pretentious than fucking tardinal fans. Make...
Well they're pretty under the radar about it even though they nearly beat a g...
Big things are happening. I showered for the first time in days. I have my in...
I haven't showered in days either, but for much more disgusting reasons. 

(u...
Hahahah. I saw your post earlier. Shitty (literally) luck my friend. 

And no...
I'm gonna be high as fuck on bleach fumes about halfway through this game.

M...
WHAT IF THE STINK WAS WHAT WON US THE GAME LAST NIGHT
Oops....
I always have Kleenex on standby ;)
Heyward's swing is LOOOOOOOOOOONG
Way to get out of that one boys. And as always, fuck you Joe Buck.
Will it be different announcers for the series?
I don't believe so. Unfortunately.
Drink if:

Kershaw is mentioned
"Possible game 7"
"Urias is only 20"
Smoltz r...
This is getting pretty tired. It's baseball. They have a lot of time to fill....
A simple downvote would've sufficed, but thanks for the feedback. No more fun...
I didn't downvote you. Sorry for stating an opinion. 
oh christ i thought this was a drinking game not "quickest way to the top of ...
Hahahahaha
You're trying to kill me
How's everybody doing?

I seriously miss Xanax. 
HA HA HA HA I AM DOING GREAT
Every nerve in my body is on fire.

How are you?
[Great, just great!](http://i.imgur.com/WExz7Pa.jpg)
You gotta sit Heyward for Willson tomorrow, don't you?
Yes, he had plenty of chances and Willson has proven himself
Yeah especially against Kershaw...
Uh, dude, he's behind the plate.

Almora would be the one.
Yea Hendricks is pitching so Contreras is catching 
Sure, since there's no game tomorrow.
BAEZ v. BAEZ has been denied!  BOOOO!
It would create a paradox and destroy the park
Snake!  You've created a paradox!
Robbed of Baez v Baez again T_T
I said some goofy shit to the wifey last night before the game,  just joking ...
I prayed to regular old Jesus. 
Jesus delivered. 
Fortunately it wasn't a Save opportunity 
Good AB for Heyward.
Watching Heyward hit is actually kind of depressing, like it was anger at one...
Im mad he can't figure it out but I also feel bad because he's by all account...
Seager has a very punchable face 
i want to drag joe bucks dick through a pile of broken glass. we get it Joe, ...
If I put the headphones on and realized it was Joe Buck on the line, I'd be l...
Please for fucks sake don't strand another RISP.
Buck: "How about we keep talkin' about this?"

How about no.
Does Lester not throw to first or something?
I wish Joe Buck would tell me!
Pretty much
No he doesn't. Its a mental thing, he can't throw to 1st.
Weird I've never noticed.
Nope. 
should be established by now lol
That's well documented. Or are you talking shit about Buck constantly talking...
You can bench him now.
If I deleted an email for every Heyward popup, you already know who id be
Later you slow piece of garbage.
Aw, no Baez v. Baez :(
Dodgers scared of baez v baez
At least Javy knows he won't have to run again this inning since Heyward is up
Oh would ya look at that, another heyward pop out. 

Not that we needed him t...
can we cut part of the handle off his bats so he's forced to choke up? might ...
Thankfully right field in Wrigley is small compared to Dodger Stadium


Joan Baez > Pedro Baez
I'm back.  Dodgers sub is full of a mix of anger and depression.  I think the...
It's funny because nothing bad happened, but I don't know that I'm totally th...
That's what you call a [Starlin Castro moment](http://m.mlb.com/video/topic/1...
Agreed
Honestly, with this team I like it. They screw around from time to time, it h...
I am ready
On a scale of opening day to wild card game, how much of a must win would you...
161. We lose this, we go down 3-2 and have to go through Kershaw again
You mean Kershaw has to go through the Cubs again 
161.999999999999999



156 or so. Obviously it can't be a 162 because it's not a game 7 or an elimin...
I believe this is the Dodgers lineup tonight:

Hernández 2B

Turner 3B

Seage...
This lineup is some wild shit.
Beatable 
They only have 2 bats in this lineup I'm afraid of
FUCK my plane is delayed a bit so now I'll see even less of the game. 

Let's...
Alright so everytime my gf and i have had sex the cubs wonthe game... Luckily...
Do it for the team!
Pete rose at it again lol 
Got in a raffle with no more than a few hundred people for tickets to game 6 ...
Dodgers either have a trick up their sleeve or don't give a fuck about this g...
Whomever scores first will probably win the game today.
Dexter Fowler lead-off first pitch home run confirmed 
I have a work dinner at 7pm CST. Terrible timing. I am hoping that this is an...
Feel the rhythm 
Feel the rhyme
C'mon Jamaica
IS BRYZZO TIME
We ain't losing this game
So, I watched the pre game show before games 2 & 3 and we lost but I didn't b...
10 beers left from last night. Hopefully that's enough to get me through this...
So Pete Rose just called Rizzo and Bryant the guys who're gonna come in 2nd a...
I thought he said they'd at least be 2nd and 3rd
To who?
Murphy probably. He didn't elaborate. 
To Pete Rose
I'm shotgunning PBRs. Who's with me? 
What if I don't have pbr
You should really be shotgunning Old Styles anyways.
I ran out and they don't sell it here so I had to go with PBR
Nice mustache, Lester!

#Let's Go
This guy's really good at singing the anthem.
Best pipes since Betty Grable
A little late but the pipes on that man! Three days in a row!
Jeyward don't do me dirty tonight
I don't know what to do.  Listen to Joe Buck to bitch, or listen to Pat and R...
What did you do last night? Do that 
Joe Buck and bitched.
Sorry man. You're gonna have to bite the bullet on this one
This is the worst kind of Netflix and chill.
The pain is real
I'm trying to do both... hopefully it's not horrible.
Pat and Ron.
I really hate taking Contreras' very hot bat out of the lineup. He should be ...
Raising a toast to Binny's with all of you
Do you have your hat on?
Shit let me grab it
Thanks for the Giants Fan Magic, Vin!!
What a fucking troll job! Seriously? Karros and Garvey? That's like a double ...
Vins in the house!
Joe Smoltz and John Buck

https://imgur.com/gallery/isdCI
YOU GO WE GO
YOU GO WE GO
YOU GO, WE GO
FOWLER: ON BASE
  
OLD STYLE: OPEN
  
CARDIAC LEVELS: CRITICAL 
Some terrible route efficiency there
yeah, that's a bad sign for Maeda
Just got under it
Which bat's he using?
I saw a 2 on it
Matt Szczur programming alert ... scheduled to be the interview subject later...
FUCK YEAH!
Fuck yeah baby
HAIL SZCZUR!!!
RIZZZOOOOOOO
Yes Riz! He's back!!!
Sploosh. 
http://i.imgur.com/Y2WJpIi.gif
You are my favorite bot. 
#YOU GO, WE GO, FUCKING YES
Yeah Cubs don't manufacture runs, Buck eat a dick
Oh yeah, let's get it started!
That a boy!
FUCK YES 
RIZZZOOOOOOOOO WOOOO
GOAT bat
#LET'S DANCE NO TIME FOR ROMANCE
**HAIL SZCZUR**
Szczur isn't ever getting that bat back.
#THE RIZZO HAS AWOKEN!
I hope Szczur's bat never breaks
rizzo makes me jizzo
if they win it all and rizzo uses that bat the rest of the way that bat belon...
I think Rizzo has found his groove.
Rizzo is my favorite Cub and man he has put the biggest smile on my face the ...
Is it just me or is Maeda working really slow tonight?
SZCZCZSZURS BAT IS MY NEW JUBO
#Rizz got the black voodoo bat! 
It's got a vein of that miracle Szczur bone marrow in it.
Maeda should change his name to Merde.
Maeda is fking shook already :D 
Maeda looks really unhappy, lol
We seem to have rattled the Maeda.
Maeda is struggling, we gotta get a couple more here
Can you imagine traffic making you a little late to the 1st inning, and walki...
I love when our when the offense gets fired up in the 1st
The Dodgers maeda huge mistake 
Jake 😍
Settle down
#Never 
During the Cy Young ceremony last year, I was so shocked when he shaved his b...
Never do that! He had to shave it to have it grow back more powerful than bef...
Fuller and thicker than before. 

I understand now.
That was the pitch to hit
What?! That was fucking outside! 
Lester better get that call
Horseshit call there.
*THIS SERIES IS SO RIGGED*
A-Gon was safe yesterday, it's just poor all around this series.
Crooked Dodgers have to rig the series to win. Sad!
I disagree.
Lol that's been a ball twice this inning but ok ok ok ok ok
That was a gift call. If Lester gets that call tonight, I like our chances.
Bull. Shit.
Well at least we can't get a double playward ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ 
S/O to Larry King. 
Come the fuck on blue 
Grab a Szczur bat!
Is Travis Wood available in right field tonight? 
alright the shit bat is gone give him... Tommys bat
I hope they replaced Heyward's bat with one of Sczcur's.
Do you think Larry King left his seat after last night's game or did they jus...
why do helmets look so abnormally large on the ball boys/girls
Because you're used to seeing them on big ass baseball players
Because you're used to seeing them on big ass baseball players
They aren't fitted like the players. Plus it uses two ear pieces.
At least 26 pitches this inning. 
Holy shit the sound of the ball hitting his jaw fuck. 
Tense AB
At least he didnt fly out I guess.
We're not mad Heyward, we're disappointed 
Two lucky breaks for the Dodgers in one inning and we still scored a run. Not...
This dude need to make some huge adjustments in the off season.
Decent start. Hope Lester is on.
Despite that K, there's something weirdly aesthetically pleasing about the pi...
It'd be cool if lester threw a strike.
Are you joking lester? The only guy that can steal on the dodgers and you giv...
South Sider here wishing ya'll 🐻 fans good luck!

Make Chicago proud!
They've talked about Lester throwing to first like 70 times
Lol this bunt thing isn't going to work all game if they keep trying it 
Let Ross throw his ass out, Lester
All I know is blue better be give Lester those calls.
Ross gon get em. 
Ross pick him off
This walk strat is pissing me off
Yea keep pulling that shit and get pissed when Ross and Baez tag your ass out...
dance away out there fucker your boys still have to hit you in.
Have a seat, Percy
Shit I thought seager hurt himself there

Edit: well maybe he did
DP pls
FS1 is trying to jinx this game at every turn.
That was a strike
THROW THE FUCKING BALL OVER THERE LESTER GOOD GOD
Wtf is up with this Ump... 
The zone certainly wasn't tight against us
You good Jon
"Tight strike zone."

Uh, they already forgot about the Baez "strike".
Holy shit what is up with this ump? Baez went looking at a ball outside and L...
hes giving the outside edge 
Smoltz dude we get it, they should go. But they aren't. Let it go
He was REALLY focused on that 
It sounded like he put money on a Dodgers SB this game or some shit
Broken fuckin record, I can't stand it
Atta boy Jon.
CASTROPHEW.GIF
Awesome job Lester.  
/s?
Zero runs scored.  Awesome job. 
The strike zone is absolute shit tonight.
fuck you
Jon Lester is the absolute fucking man 
Like I give a shit about California voting issues FS1.
Anyone else getting L.A. commercials??? (I'm in New Orleans)
Yes in Milwaukee 
In Indiana and I am as well.
Prop 61? I'm in St.Louis. 
the prop 61 stuff? we are all getting that
Yep. Some health care ad for some proposition they seem to voting on. Don't c...
93 degrees out wow.
What is this black magic fuckery.
It didn't get above 55 here today
The couple pick offs on the bases earlier in the series are what kept the Dod...
Larry King is enjoying some ice cream.

When we're at bat they're all over the pitcher. When the Dodgers are at bat t...
well yeah because they're Dodgers fans
I mean literally any announcer worth his soul would be talking about their of...
"These are great pitchers pitches."

Yeah, no shit. It's 4 inches off the pla...
Is Larry King eating ice cream?
Out of a soda cup
**gdpa scoots**
Lester take him deep. Fuck with their minds!
Mighta been a little low. Or low and 6" outside.
Heeeeeres Johnny! 
That was a good swing, but why no bunt by Jon?
Damn, Lester. Do that next time only harder.
>Interesting approach

Did you not just see the solid contact that he had?
Can somebody shed some light on why there was no bunt?? 
That ball was definitely hit well, he just got unlucky. Lester is no slugger,...
No good reason really. Wasn't a bad hack at it maybe he was told to take one ...
Joe Maddon 7th intradimensial backgammon
This is where I don't agree with Maddon. We could have a guy in scoring posit...
Throw some more negatives in that sentence please. 

But yeah idk why you don...
Haha whoops didn't see that. Changed it
Haha all good just teasing 
Maddon needs to be confident Lester can get it done perfectly. Ross isn't exa...
did the commentators just figure out that tonights game means someone can adv...
Good to see Tommy L at the game
Good to see we're working him pretty good. 45 pitches through 2
Anyone know who the dodgers are throwing in game 6?
Joe Buck 
I don't know. Hopefully Joe Buck reminds us in the next 30 seconds.
Damn, I always forget, if only these guys will talk about it a little more 
Alright Lester, find a good rhythm, nice shut down inning here. 
Why would you bother showing bunt with Gonzalez
This bunt shit is fascinating I have to say. Kill it with straight fire, Jonny.
AGon is eager.  Lester got this
Lol speaking of Gonzales not running well Mike and Mike were just ripping on ...
Siddown
TV had it as a strike Gonzalez 
#SIT DOWN!
K
Well, at least Lester is getting that outside call too
everyone's gonna hate marquez by the end of this one
What, no finger wagging? GO SIT DOWN
Gonzalez go suck a fat one
Strike zone is nutty tonight. 
Jonny is a little too erratic for my liking
Keep talking Gonzalez
Ump consistently awful. 
Oh man Lester. Lmfao.
It's 2016 and I can use Chromecast to stream a game to my TV. What a time to ...
Ugly but it got the job done
Way to go Jon!!!
What a throw to first
Fuck yeah Lester!
THAT IS STARE WORTHY
LESTER DID THE THING!
Lester with the throw to first! (Don't mind the bounce)
#LOL FUCK U JOC
HA FUCK YOU DODGERS
just a routine throw to first
That half inning deeply satisfied my loins.
A free out, nice.  
Yes! Jon!
Lester cold-blooded AF
Lester with a laser
Let em bunt it

less pitches, more outs
Lester with the "that's it?" staredown! 
As someone who is not a Cubs fan, but rooting for the Cubs...

What the hell ...
he has historically rarely if ever thrown to first to keep runners on. He doe...
As a former pitcher in my high school days... not sure why that would be such...
So are we
He doesn't do it and he's bad at it. Coaches have told him basically to not e...
He's got the yipps. 
He has a bit of a mental block when called upon to do it. It's not that big o...
All in his mind.
Mental quirk. He can't throw accurately to first.
Maddon wants him to focus on pitching only.
[HE DID THE THING](/#WeAreGood)
Matt Sczur is so young. I feel like people forget that
I feel bad for Szczur.  Why the fuck are they interviewing him because of his...
Probably because the team wants him to do the interview, or he's one of a few...
and yet he still was a good sport about it. I like him.
/u/Jdhill1188 Can you do something with Gonzalez and "Us against the world" b...
"Oh come on" -Joe Buck
Bone Marrow?! Is that a gangsta nickname?
Well I feel dumb now :/
https://bethematch.org
it is now
Bethematch.com bone marrow donor program.  He is a donor and hit a home run t...
He donated bone marrow! That was why he made the shout out. 
He donated his bone marrow to a kid who needed a transplant. 
He saved a little girls life in another country donating marrow
What a gangsta move 
Yep. 

Btw how the fuck do you not score on the 1 yard line?
2016 Packers, that's how 
Castrowhew.gif
4th time a pitcher has deflected a weak grounder. wtf is going on?
What's the odds that Lester gets a ball stuck in between the webbing this game?
LOL
HAHAHHAHA
Oh Rizzo you big teddy bear you 
lmao rizzo
LMAO
Lol, Rizzo
Baezzo 
Dammit you beat me to it by milliseconds 
Damn straight
Aw Baezzo 
Lol Rizzo and Baez screwing around after the out.
Hoyer is down 
Paging /u/M_A_T_T_H_E_W
I wish Jay was healthy :(
What's the score?? As a packers fan I must admit I haven't been watching 
3-0 packers as of a few minutes ago 
Thanks. Gonna stream it here in a second. 
Be warned. This one might get chippy. I'm watching the Cubs instead but appar...
Aight. I'm a packers fan lol
Oh I know, that's why I mentioned your receiver. Just providing context for t...
Ah got it. My bad didn't read your comment correctly lol. Thanks for the head...
RIP my stream quality
Please someone come through with a gif of that. Javy does NOT drop the ball.
At least they're loose.
I'm glad to see they're relaxed out there but dammit baez, this is not the pl...
What's the deal with long haired batters and unbuttoned shirts?
Same as flannel shirts and unnecessary beards. 
Didn't know certain beards were more necessary than others
They're cool guys. Cool guys wear unbuttoned shirts.
Long hair makes you warm, unbuttoned shirts cool you off. Balance. 
Was it Contreras that took a ball to the nuts and hopped around the entire in...
Yep!
yup
yes
There he goes with the tar all over his back again.
Idk if he would've been able to throw him out anyways, it wasn't hit very har...
What's with the streak of shit on the back of Turner's jersey over his name? ...
Apparently pine tar? I dunno
Pine tar. 
*stress intensifies*
What if Lester has been hiding his pickoff and during the game he decides to ...
Turner bald af. 
Ah, I see Turner is going for the Hulk Hogan to deal with male pattern baldness.
"Ross didn't have a chance" he would have been way out had he not bobbled the...
I wanna gif of Maddon's face of disbelief there
That bald spot on Turner...
This ump tho' ...
Wut
WHERE DID THAT MISS
ARE YOU SERIOUS???? HOLY SHIT.
How the fuck is that not a strike
Forget what I said, this umpire is drunk
Lester made the i just got stung in the face by some bees face
Strike 4
WHAT THE FUCK BLUE
Holy shit. I'm gonna lose it on this ump.
Two strikes in a row. Fuck this ump. 
Are we doing mystery strikezone tonight? wtf?
WHAT THE FUCK UMP
STRIKE FOUR
So when you're 6" out of the zone it's a strike but if it's right on the edge...
2 missed strikes by the 3rd. at this rate we'll have 6 by the time the games ...
Strike zone is a bowl of jello tonight. 
FUCK YEAH BABY. FUCK YOU UMP. FUCK YOU SEAGER. FUCK YOU GINGER. FUCK
Fuck YES Lester 
FUCK YES JON
Yeah Lester was not zoned in the first inning, but he is locked in. 
Nasty
OH I LOVE FIRED UP JON LESTER
Jon is happy to tell you that 'off' is the direction he wants you to fuck.
Fantastic, Jon. Great job.  
This is going well. Insurance runs, please. Soon...
And we need a gif of Lester's reaction to that strikeout now too.
Punk ass bitch! Go sit down.
strike five finally retires seager!
Jon Lester is a god
Ball doesn't lie!
Jon Lester!!
Does that count for two Ks?
US AGAINST THE WORLD
Baez seeketh revenge.  Baez taketh 
MERCY THAT WAS A SHOT
Javy Javy Javy
Way to get things going Javy!
Have you heard of the lord and savior Clayton Kershaw?  Joe Buck has. 
#A LICKY BOOM BOOM DOWN
#JAVY FUCKIN' BAE-Z
Perfect read by Kendrick. Credit for that.
Bunt heyward, bunt 
After his baseball career, Javy Baez belongs on the stage.
Dude said "Come on there blue!" like that wasn't down and low
COME ON NOW BLUE! I HAVE A REAL GOOD POSITION FROM BEHIND YOU THAT I CAN TELL...
Best outcome for Heyward there 
Heyward chose to take that in the fanny. Respect.
Way to take one for the team Heyward. Getting on base any way you can....
Bullpen is warming up for the Dodgers
Madea worried. 
Is that the new Tyler Perry film ad I saw today on the subway?
Madea : The Hunt for Blue October 
Let's go muscle russel
DAT BOOTY JIGGLE
Guys watching baseball and football at the same time is really hard 
Hoyer broken arm.  Ugh
AND CHAOS ENVELOPES HALAS HALL
I don't have enough anxiety gnomes. 
indeed. Although i have the bears game on mute
Heigth Heigth Heigth Heigth Heigth 
Swings at three low sliders 
Russell.... come on man.
Let's go, grandpa
Setting up Jon for a huge knock.
Great AB addi...he had to know they were gonna throw him all sliders away 
TIME FOR A GRANDPA WALK AND A LESTER SLAM
Not a fan of this quick cut to the pitch. Just show us the pitch, forget abou...
Might not see a hittable pitch with Lester next. Bases loaded for Lester, he'...
The fourth inning was our glory inning yesterday. Let's go. 
Guys. What do we do if Lester comes up to bat with the bases loaded
We're about to find out
Pinch hit schwarber(rip) 
moment of silence for our fallen hero
Let him hit a dinger.
Rejoice when he hits a dong
Prepare ourselves for the dong
suicide squeeze 
Bunt? 
Hit a monster dong. 
That's what I'm thinking
Sit back and watch him a crank a grand slam into the parking lot
Let him hit a bomb
Send him all of our energies

hit the damn ball
These strike outs piss me off considering how tight the zone is
You FS1 chill with letting us listen in on that convo. 
Did I miss something?
Lester was talking to Maddon and they got the camera pretty close in their fa...
what happened?
Lester was talking to Maddon and they got the camera pretty close in their fa...
Okay thanks, yeah that is bullshit
Seriously that's bullshit
Can we please not spoil a lead off double? Please..
I love baseball 
damn that was ball 4
There's scared of you lester! 
Bullpen already eh? Alright then lets do this.
We chased Maeda! Only 3.2 innings. This is great. 
He pitched pretty well, about as well as the Dodgers could have hoped 
Chasing him after 5 runs would have been better.
That move makes sense. Lester can't hit heat, but he could luck into an off s...
So we got a gif or streamable of that Baez/Rizzo shenanigans?
Anyone have any idea why Roberts took out Maeda to face Lester? 
Probably because it's the most important game of the year so far and even tho...
#FUCK ^THE ^^DH ^^^?
Maybe bc been a little wild and didn't want to possibly walk Lester. 
Holy shit they didn't even bring in a lefty. 
That deep V pitching costume is the weirdest shit ever
Ugh we need more runs
I hate away crowds
How does a post season team pitch around Lester???? How??
#[Fuck the DH](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gU23rzmMNis)
I was there! It was awesome.
https://media.giphy.com/media/KJHINXxzWX7A4/giphy.gif
Is it just me or does Lester look awkward at bat?
Did you mean sexy af?
Well, we have the top of the order up next, so hopefully we get something nex...
My god....
I think Lester should be bunting every at bat regardless of outs as long as r...
Zobrist seems more comfortable in left than he did earlier in the season
# positive vibes
The Dodgers and their fucking challenges. 
Shit, he's safe.
Yeah, definitely safe.
That tag needs to come way quicker
Bryant, please be Baez. K thx bye.
Also you can't execute that play any better. Good steal, unfortunately.
Haha that pitch hasn't been a strike all night. 
one of lester's earlobes is attached and the other is loose
Out by a mile at home.

Edit: I take that back. Smoltz brings up a good point...
Fuck.

It's still early though. And as always, Fuck Gonzalez.

Winning on 1 run was a pipe dream we still got this
we have bats, they are in the pen, LETS go its the 4th 
Exit velocities: 82mph (double), 63 (RBI groundout)
Probably a blessing Rizzo didn't field that right because I don't think he's ...
This is why you cant fuck up chances to add on runs early like they did in th...
Oh my god man don't start this shit.
Oh well. Keep doing what we're doing and we'll score more runs.
Let's get some runs!!!!
The theoretical good part of the order is up, so that's always nice.
Let's get it right back, boys! 
Let's put the damn ball in play. We're into a bullpen that has struggled let'...
Not worried one bit. Lester is painting the corners and our hitters have thei...
Looks like the top of the order is just going to have to hang four runs and g...
Good boy Bryant!!
Don't you fucking dare strand him, guys.
Yeah KB! Now put the Brizzo on them and get the lead back. 
Nice one KB!

Also jesus this bullpen fuckery is making me unhappy.
All right lets get that run right back! 
Rizzo please hit a donger. 
I'll take a single tbh
"Third basemens"
We are good at sucking the air out of the Dodgers fans
#Suck it Joc!!
Every boxing movie ever made is sick af. Its a fact.
Rocky 5?
Frig off doesn't count
Need to get this run home to get some Momentum back 
Gotta be good and gotta get lucky...rarely works with just one of those two.
The Zelda tune on the organ? 
Uh oh, sounds like Buck has a crush on KB...
rizzo absolutely locked in
They are blowing out their bullpen
Two already out with a third warming up, and they aren't even out of the 5th....
I hope it comes back to haunt them. 
So many of these fans are not looking at the game, not even for pitches, like...
Zobrist better come through. 
What's the point of having a strikezone if you don't use it?!
Bears and Bulls playing at the same time, they're trying to steal Chicago's e...
How was that not a ball?
Look going from 3-0 to 3-2 because a blown ball 4. This ump is destroying inn...
God damnit, we cannot keep leaving guys on like this
Fuck, Z-man put a a good hit on that
This inning must be a quick 1 2 3
#FUCK
Timely hitting is necessary to win in the playoffs
Shoulda been a walk, turned into a hard line out.

I don't want robot umps, b...
Nothing like laying in bed watching a baseball game and feeling ready to vomi...
LA catching breaks: check
Lack of offense: check
Shit umpire: check

Fuck
It's almost Larry Kings bedtime 
Steeeeeeeeee-rike 3
These games are so god damn slow
Baez! :)
[Just got home from work. If the rain holds off, this is how I'll be enjoying...
Rain where?
London ontario 
I just saw rain for the first time in months in Alabama. It lasted a good 20 ...
Wow.  I would have thought you would get lots of rain off the Gulf 
We usually do in the summer. We usually get a normal daily afternoon thunders...
Haahaha Baez staring at the ball
Javvy's like "This is the ball. Wanna see? I'm gonna throw it to first now."
In other news the LA Sparks just won the WNBA title. Can that be LA's champio...
Worst strike zone ever 
#SIT DOWN ETHIER 
CHALLENGE HIM LESTER
Oh, I didn't want my Saturday to be stress free or anything...!
What. The. FUCKKKKKKKKK. Strike 3 again!

Edit: papa Lester will just earn it...
These Fox announcers make it seem like Kershaw has never allowed a run or los...
INB4 Baez dong
Strike 4!
Does that one count ump?
It looked shitty in realtime but the replay had it outside. The ump is still ...
I feel like next run is huge in this series
How's everybody doing?
Alcohol helps
Same
Oh you know, just a little nausea!
knots in my stomach as usual
We fucking got this guys!!!
Lead off man on!! Lead off man on!!
Wouldn't mind another hit on the butt cheek here
.077. oof. that one stings, J-hey
Lean into one again, Jason
Have fucking heyward bunt
remove double play. nice. 
LET'S GET JAVY IN PLEASE
Just ground out weakly to second now
#JAVY "FUCK YOUR PITCH" BAEZ
#STATUS: STOLEN
Taking on 3-1 all the way? I would pick a pitch and sit on it, if you don't s...
Heyward swung like he was trying to hit a pitch in a different time zone lol
WTF....
Da fuq J Hey
HE IS SUCH FUCKING TRASH AT THE PLATE GOOD FUCKING LORD
Fuck Heyward. Put Almora in.
heyward is garbo
I don't even understand what he is doing anymore
Ugh how are you swinging at that.
HEYWARDS TROUBLES CONTINUE 
Lol no idea what he was swinging at. That was horrible 
Score please?
3-1 cubs!
LOL I mean't like can the Cubs score please, but thanks though. :p
Oh lol, my bad
3-1
1-1
I don't even know what the fuck. I mean I wanna like Heyward, but that was ri...
His bat was in a different time zone than the ball on that swing 
Fucking Christ Heyward, you could've not swung at all and you'd be on base.
#*VROOM VROOM*
Come on Addi you can do this.  Bring him home!
DOES THAT WORK FOR YOU SIR?
Absolutely!  
FUCK YEAH SMALL BALL
WOO!
ADDISON MOTHERFUCKING RUSSELL I LOVE YOU
ADDI FUCKS!!!!!
ADDDDDDDDDDDDIIIIIIIIIII

HOLY SHIT I'M SO HAPPY!!!!!!!!!!!
#ADDISON CLUTCHELL
Holy fucking shit Heyward enough already man.
Thank you based Addi!
My god, we needed that
#MLB.TV FROZE RIGHT AS HE HIT THAT BUT THE COMMENTARY CONTINUED AND THEN THAT...
gramps and the kid weiner boops!
Addison MUSCLE!!!
WHAT'S THIS? DO I HEAR THE SOUND OF A DONGER?
Joe Blanton: Cubs double agent?
LOL BLANTON IS ALL LIKE OOPS...I DID IT AGAIN
Guess who's back back back
OHHHH

ADDI!
Just landed. Turn on game. Russell bomb. 

LET'S FUCKING GO! 
WOOOO ALRIGHT ADDI NOW WE GOT SOME BREATHING ROOM
OH GET FUCKED GET ABSOLUTELY FUCKED!
Come on gramps!
Oh thank god that happened I was about to rage about Heyward but now I'm happy 
Blanton is a pretty cool guy.
Ross with the wheels!!
Yes yes yes. I got to my lucky bar and it's fucking on!!!!!!!
HERE WE GO, BOYS!
Crap. My stream is behind, Ross was down 0-2 when the happy comments started ...
Blanton is my favorite post season pitcher. Hands. Down.
Old man wheels!
Lester get so upset when he pops out to right

I really want a Lester dong where he flips his bat like that, it would be rea...
Lester goes 110 tonight for the CG, calling it now
Come on Fowler!
Well, good enough. Let's see a 1-2-3
My roommate is having friends sleep on our couch tonight, and I missed the ho...
Never come back when the cubs are at bat.. sorry :(
Oh that is bad, I'm sorry
Quick!  Someone send more people to /u/penguinopph's couch!
Blanton is turning out to be the best player on the Cubs.  
HOLD THE LEAD
Feels good. 
Free tacos for stolen bases? Yes, please!
Javy Baez will be my taco hero. 
Let's go Jon! Couple more innings!
"Got a good jump."

It was hit straight at him, Joe.
To be fair, at this point I'm fairly certain Joe Buck's hair plugs make him e...
how can you tell?
Please no Chapman for 6 outs
Wait guys. I forgot how old Urias is. Does anyone know? 
The begining of the end for the Dodgers. Even the pirates fans in the bar are...
Gotta get some more in this lead isn't safe just yet...
#DP
I feel like the Dodgers haven't hit into many DPs this series.  They have to ...
rizzo needs to relax and let baez get those balls. this is the second one tod...
WE FUCKING GET IT HE DOESN'T THROW TO FIRST 
I don't understand what's up with Rizzo's defense, he shouldn't be ranging so...
someone needs to fuck joe bucks throat he's so annoying 
Paging Kershaw...
I have a feeling many have been there before
man some of you are behind lol
Streams are a bit behind
Thanks mlb.tv!
Hey /u/sparx7 ill give u tree fiddy if i can crash at ur place when i come to...
/u/mawfuggajones has better offers
/u/mawfuggajones I'll give you two fiddy and a deep dish
[deleted]
get out of there
I hope Lester picks him off just to shut this commentator up.
The basket catch!
That'll do, Gramps. That'll do. 
Rossy made me nervous on that catch
HEY GUYS LOOK HERES HIM THROWING LOL!
Oh man Grandpa Ross makin my stomach turn with that catch
So is Carl Jr still alive for the year?
Yes just a little hamstring tightness 
aw his little hammys
yeah he's fine
Jesus every inning my heart keeps beating like crazy.
Nice catch Hayes
I love when Lester pitches. I hate when he pitches on national television. 
Lester just needs to start reading playboy out loud when he goes to throw to ...
Lmao Miggy
Lmao, Miggy
Hahahaha Montero, I hope someone makes a gif of that 
Kendrick will pay for that foul into the dugout.  
#DEALING
Brilliant Jon!
**LESTER IS A WORLD CHAMP DON'T FUCK WITH THE LES**
Lester is a playoff pitcher. He knows how to fucking grind!
YESSSSSSSSSSSSS
keep chugging jon
LESTER YOU BAD MUTHASUCKKAAAAA
Lester is my favorite. 
Joe Buck you fool, Lester taunts only make him stronger.
JON LESTER IS A HERO PEOPLE. A FUCKING HERO.
LESTER! Nice fucking outing.
Too bad Lester not throwing to first is the only interesting thing he's doing...
If we can keeping making the Dodgers dig into their bullpen we'll be good. 
Hey...were you guys aware that Lester doesn't throw to 1st?  /s
#spooky bats please
#2spooky4dodgers
Alright big bats, time to do things big bats do.
Serious question: Lester is pitching great but he's up to ~95 pitches. How mu...
Short leash 7th and they bridge the gap to Chapman one way or another
I think you can ride him til he struggles he wont pitch again until Tuesday
One more inning. Get it to the 8th and let Rondon/Chappy or just Chappy, take...
One more at most.  He'll most likely start the seventh.  Depending on how wel...
let him start the 7th, but the pen will be ready at any time
One more inning 
If he doesn't come up to bat this inning I think he stays out. No way he goes...
They had Strop warming up, but I think you keep Les in
if we don't get any insurance runs here comes three butt clenching innings of...
Confused about where your fingers are
Let's add on some runs here.
No, Blanton! Don't leave! Come back!
[Joe Blanton's dinner.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanger_steak)
Jamie Foxx's cool guy walk at the end of that commercial pisses me off every ...
Almost out of work, so I guess I'm not watching he game. Not going to mess th...
F the shift
Beautiful
#FUCK THE SHIFT
Rizzo you mad lad!
GHams you're one of the good ones.
I do my best.
#FUCKYOURSHIFT
FUCK YOUR SHIFT
He's given that every AB. Just do it until they stop shifting... 
Rizbunt!!!
[The commentary on Lester's pick off throw](http://giphy.com/gifs/wtf-what-gi...
Atta boy Rizzoli
That's just fan-fucking-tastic.
That's what I've been saying to do for so long!
Give Lester the chance to finish the 7th, than is Rondo+Champan time
YA BOI ANTHONY RIZZO!
Fuck yo shift!
Rizzo is so smug.
Too much shift. 
Smart play Anthony.
Pulling a Zobrist!  Let's go!!
my Rizza, My rizza!
My dad has asked all season why doesn't Rizzo ever bunt to the left with the ...
Get on any way you can, Rizz!
Whoooooo Rizzo!
THEY CUT TO LESTER LMAO
Oh shit, looks like Lester actually might hand the ball off to Chapman.
#FUCK THE SHIFT
"You think about all the bunts in this series......" Literally had to think a...
Did Joe Buck just admit to Lester warming up made him wet?
I love how they bunt like mad first inning and we do so and get on first base...
SWEEP THE LEG THEYRE FALLING APART LETS GET SOME INSURANCE RUNS
Oh god, the human snail is coming in...
Oh great now this game is going until 12AM CT now that Baez is Pitching 😴
Let's play fuck the closer
Larry King is still awake 
He needed a sleep aid, so Pedro Baez got up in the pen.
Larry King is still alive. 
Pedro Baez? Let's try to make this game longer.
HEY!  The shambling corpse of Larry King is still there.
I heard he's only a few bad deeds away from becoming a Lich.
I can hear him breathing
Javy's hitting it outta here, I know it
Counting on you, US Commie 
I just want him to hit it out so that if we have to suffer through inferior B...
Can we just bury the Dodgers so I can unclench my butthole?? I have to go out...
Bad Baez vs Good Baez
Can we get a stat cast graphic for pauses between pitches?
My dad seriously hates Heyward so much, every time he makes an out I'm afraid...
If anyone is due it is heyward
Triple down the right field line incoming!
HEY HEY HEYWARD, LET'S REDEEM
why does he stand seven feet away from the plate
probably has something to do with him getting his neck sliced by the ball in ...
I think since he's so tall and his arms are so long he has to stand way back ...
Exactly what I've been asking, just pound the outside edges with fastballs ag...
C'mon JHey, pull a Montero here...
Get your swagger back with one swing
heyward swing makes it look like he's just guessing where the ball is, rather...
I believe I can fly, I believe I can touch the sky
I BELIEVED IN YOU ALL GAME AND THIS IS HOW YOU REPAY ME
That was like a little league pop up.  Had like a 3 secomd hang time. 
so Heyward should go do whatever he did before the Colorado series. Or steal ...
It's weird, the more Hamms I drink, the less painful Heyward's ABs are
Heyward with another popout. Least he made contact I guess.


Cubs need to have a sit down with Heyward and tweak his mechanics. A guy can ...
We are still ahead 3-1.  Cool your jets.  
Hey's gonna figure it out soon, I feel it
Mechanical issue, it'll have to be next year 
Famous last words 
Heywards left 5 runners on base tonight. Bench his ass. 
I love how Skyrim is being sold as being from the makers of Fallout 4...
I fucking hate Gonzalez.
OUT!! FUCK YEAH ITS CLEAR
If he's called out does that mean it's them against the world?
OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT
Cubs fan or not, He. Is. Out
gonzo is gonna have a hilarious reaction
literally what the FUCK Javy
Gonzales going to be pissed
I think Javy gunned him down as well as a SEAL sniper.
You think we would stop being surprised by Baez but holy shit, he keeps doing...
Gtfo gonz.
What a fucking play
Ohhh Gonzalez is gonna be booty blasted about that one, lmao
Can't stand gonzales
Can't believe Gonzalez didn't piss his pants. 
Hope to see Gonzalez bitch about that on Twitter
JAVY <3
W E W L A D

E

W

L

A

D
I'm glad we didn't trade him.
Postseason baseball is chockfull of unnecessary slow motion
I could kiss Baez right now
I seriously don't think anybody else could have made that play
Bring in the relief. GG Jon. 
Anyone have a GIF/ video of Rizzo and Baez celebrating after that replay? I n...
104 miiight be enough for lester dont ya think
Ugh, Joc bats like .100 against lefties
I like the trust in Jon. And why the hell not.
FUCK THIS UMP
fucking masterclass performance by Lester
Those leadoffs are disrespectful

BIG DICK JON GETTING IT DONE TONIGHT
108 pitches, nice work!
Beautiful inning. 
Lester has done so well!!
#letsgo
HAHAHA
ADDISON HUSTLE!!!
OH GOD THE ADS ARE BACK

HOW MANY "NO ON PROP 61" COMMERCIALS CAN YOU RUN IN ...
61 times.
Dodgers showing they have absolutely no place in the World Series
pinch hitting a catcher for a catcher. I love our team
BAEZ is in?? Let's play "how many beers can I drink this half inning?"
#CHAPMAN COMIN
**WILLSON PINCHTRERAS**
You da real MVP.
HammerVP
#verbutten/hammer2016
#hammer/verbutten
I swear to god if my mom is clapping over fucking football
Wilson has been pure fire this postseason. God damn
chapman for two innings hasnt always worked out
I know. Why do they keep trying that, especially in a close game. They'd neve...
Chapman for 6 outs with multiple runners already on base hasn't worked out.

...
Willson is too good and too clutch. Can't wait until he's a full time starter...
I just don't get how Willson isn't playing everyday
I love you Willson.
Gary Jones just looks so cool with his lil' toothpick.  
I wish I could pull ...
Lol at the hugh hefner looking guy behind home plate wearing sunglasses... no...
Time for a Sexy Dexy party!
Good bunt! cant get lucky every time but two runners in scoring position!
Good bunt, almost beat it too
Need these runs
Baez and Baez for co-mvps
Not a good bunt but another bad play from their Baez gets the job done
Guys, I think...I think the *Dodgers* are choking this time...
Don't tempt fate amigo!
Fuck fate. I'm exposing my bare ass to fate right now
You are a brave one.
r/madlads
Fowler, I'll take anything right now. a sac fly. something.
Let's see something cool!
Baez, thank you. 
Pedro Baez's time between pitches allows batters to practice their swings, ta...
Jesus, stop going after the high stuff
Let's put it away Dex. 
Plz Dex just a single to right 
/u/cogsformvp you rang? I'm around, just lurkin' 
I miss you and your comments!!
This mission program has me so busy all the time!!! I miss you all too :( it'...
But you're doing God's work so kudos to you!
Thanks it's amazing man I love it and I love my team
Omfg
#THAT'S WHEN DIVING INTO FIRST WORKS!!!
That will work! Good boy Fowler!
THE HUSTLE!
Woooooo DEX!!!!!
KEEP THE LINE MOVING 
Holy bad defense, Batman 
Baez lol
HAHA GONZALEZ YOU SUCK
I love seeing AGon embarrass himself
That was better than I ever could have hoped
#WEAREGOOD
LOVE DAT HUSTLE
I'm loving this.
Cubs Baez >> Dodgers Baez
Unbelievable! 2 infield singles? Fucking hell.
wow lol, this is getting pathetic
I almost feel bad for Gonzalez. He's had just about every break go against hi...
Way to hustle! Tack 'em on
Damn son!
#Respect90
Well I shattered my phone tonight the day before I'm expecting a phone interv...
KILLING ME SOFFTLYYYY
3 infield hits in the inning!
TINY BALL
Looks safe to me but too close to even overturn. LETS GOOOO!
babip babip babip
Alright lets just pitch someone else in the 8th and Chapman in the 9th. We've...
How fast is Bryant holy shit
80ft singles for dayzzzz
Turn out the lights, Anthony.
I like this bad Dodgers fielding. Can we have more of it? 
Break this open
Loving this. Shiting all over the Dodgers. 
Wow! Great call for the Ump.
Jesus can he pitch the ball
Bring Chapman in for the top of the order, doesn't need to pitch 2 innings.
OPEN THE FLOODGATES 
The seats Marty, they are emptying! 
So um, why is Baez still pitching for them?
He's good at delaying the inevitable?
I think they are conceding defeat. Saving Jansen for game 6 and 7
Gonzo is gonna act like such a chode after this game on twitter.
Good. More fuel for the fire!! Their misery brings happiness. 
Lol Pat talking about Dodgers fans driving away in the parking lot
5 run lead and I'll feel safe. 
I'd love to see Rizzo say "FUCK YOUR SLUMP!" here...
HAHA 'If they ever go to a pitchers clock' 
"Baez would be in trouble if they ever go to a pitch clock" ya think??? his i...
Jesus fuck could Baez pitch any slower. He might stretch this inning out to C...
haha fox made a pitch clock for this slow fuck
I ain't even mad, that was sick.

Edit: Since he's safe I'm even more not eve...
Fowler *hell no*
Safe by a mile.
If they want to "speed up the game," they need to make a "Baez rule"
These last couple games are dragging. It would really help if these umps woul...
I have no clue how Rizzo even fucking hit that.  Eye level pitch...lol.
DEXY IS SAFE
I think the ump just wanted to get this inning over with. Baez is killing eve...
Joe Buck go to sleep it's way past your bed time.
#HELL NO
oh hell no. way safe. 
He doesn't hurt them, just pisses them off, and they leave the room in a huff. 
Hiawatha Kitty McGee!
No joe. He's been doing it all fucking year.
I think they realized matter with anti matter isn't a good idea so they switc...
I feel so bad for our European brethren. These games are dragging like Baez's...
Grand slam pls
FUCK 
JAVY OMG DUDE 😍😍😍😍😍
Please don't be hurt javy
OH NO PLEASE BE OKAY
Oh no...... no no no.....
Shit :( Baez ....
Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck 
OH MY GOD NO NOT JAVY NO NO NO PLEASE NO 
Well shiiiiiiit
Oh no, oh no, oh no.  Not like this.
No fuck pls no fuck pls
Baez. No. don't do this to us
Oh please please please do not let this be serious...

EDIT: On second glance...
Joe Buck has literally not watched the Cubs in two years huh?
YES YES YES YES... NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO!
Baez please be oaky
Javy! Yes!

Javy! No....
Joe is smiling and laughing, I think Baez is okay. 
Baez be praised.  Bars be OK
LOVE hearing the crowd chanting Javy!
WHAT DO WE SAY TO THE CLOSER?

NOT TONIGHT!!
I went from fully erect to completely flaccid and now semi chubby now that he...
Castro gif 
WHAT HAPPENED TO JAVY?
Looks like he tweaked something on his right leg rounding 2nd. Stayed on thou...
I guess it's a good sign they didn't take him out
Prolly just a cramp
I hope you're right
He tripped on his own swag.
October can't handle his swag 
Heyward lol fuck off with the infield fly outs
Baez please be ok.
sooo...I guess this means that Baez *probably* isn't stealing this time around? 
Lmao, JHey instantly pops up to the infield
Good. Strop. Don't waste Chapman. 
take me instead not javy!
Right on cue, Hayward. He's batting .998 on fly outs.
Looked like he was stretching out a cramp when he was crouching on second base. 
I knew I bought a new bottle of Malört for a reason! Let's add two more to th...
Drink up, Sausage King of Chicago!
Gonna be nice to have a pitcher who actually doesn't make watching grass grow...
Even with the score I can't relax.  
Neither should they
True
Javi Baez has.....IT 
Has what?
IT!  http://i.imgur.com/t8g1vrE.jpg 
The Dodgers just made the list.
Bada boom realist Cubs in the room? 
HOW YOU DOIN?!
*insert Enzo dance*
Almora , Dexter and Heyward. Fuck that defense is sexy though.
#COME LATE, LEAVE EARLY
Best. Birthday present.  Ever.

My dad said we'd win 7-1 since I was born tod...
You can't fucking call it before the game is over, that is bad juju! 
Settle down Francis
Happy birthday! 
Thank you!
I WANT TO SEE A COGHLAN HOMER NEXT INNING
Seems like that Javy inj was just a cramp, he seemed fine afterwards, not a b...
The way joe was laughing, I think he got his junk crunched in the side of his...
Thatd be the best outcome haha
Baez still fielding.  That's encouraging
Cmon Stropie just finish 'em off.... in the inning, not their life.
DO NOT BRING IN CHAPMAN
Stop needs to get out, but don't bring Chapman in...
Gonna fucking throw Chapman out there again after the set up man has put a co...
Dude not Chapman.
It's still 7 runs you and you have tons of other options 
Bring in Rondon
They want Chapman to pitch to keep him in rhythm, if we played tomorrow Rondo...
There is that defense. You got this Pedro
/u/UnfortunatelyLawless 
# LAWLESS WERE YOU DOING THE DP DANCE
That double play made me realize there really hasn't been many conventional G...
Cubs pitchers finally learned to let the ball go by him
DP, I'll take limiting the damage
It's one run. No one panic please. 
Meh.  Better than that happening last at-bat.
Well now that makes the double play fucking HUGE.
Okay, good thing we are still up by 6, but Strop is looking less than sharp. 
Man the set up guys have not been getting it done this postseason. 
So glad they got all those runs, or else I'd be a nervous wreck right now.
There are still going to be some visits to the cardiologist tomorrow, I think...
I'm going to try to repress some memories of a certain series that I won't me...
Didn't look like a terrible pitch to me. Low fastball.
This ends the Stropxorcism
Yes! So close. Let's get some insurance runs
There we go, Pedro. You did your job. 
It's so Stropy
[when you just ain't feelin it](http://i.imgur.com/NUIkOSn.jpg)
I'm okay with Strop giving up a couple hits. You pitch to contact when you're...
Don't need Chap this game truthfully
True, but I think joe might put him in to get him some action knowing there's...
Chapman, don't hit anyone tonight, you'll kill them.
Is Javy okay tho? 
Probably just a cramp.
He was still playing 2nd during the 8th, sure seems like it. 
Just hope it wasn't adrenaline keeping him going. 
Seems like it
Did they call Hendricks Kendricks?
Addi just don't quit. Love it.
he's dabbing with a w on his face.

I've seen it all.
Im loving the bats on this team. I think Joe should consider having Grandpa c...
Lol is Fox going to show Hendricks warming up too?
Man this could be a 5 hour game.
40% Baez
It's ok Contreras you'll find grass next time you hit one like that
Fuck does Kershaw have a whole roll of bubble tape in his mouth?
Shadow pitching?
"Mmmmm! Oh yeah look at that tank top!" - Joe Buck
I'm surprised that Kershaw doesn't get more love from FS1 announcers

/s 
Joe Buck gets hard looking at Kershaw in a bro tank
Lol people with Sprint
"Clayton Kershaw...you're my only hope." -John Smoltz
Ol' Fellatio Joe dreams of being Rodgers Kershaw's gimp.
I wish Strop and Rondon were at their best. It seems like Edwards might be th...
I've just accepted that Kershaw is the possibly the best Pitcher I've seen in...
No different than showing Jake doing yoga in th outfield imo.
I think Joe Buck put that camera there 
Kershaw has Joe Buck's dick doing its best Heyward impression. Popping up. 
I guess Chapman need to get some work in tonight
He was up, down, up in the bullpen.  
Hey, that sounds like the password to Contra!
It's going to be tough for Kershaw to pitch on Saturday with Buck's tongue pl...
96? the fucks wrong with chapman?
WTFFFFFF Why does our pen look so lackadaisical 
That was not ball four!
Man Chapman is shitting himself. 
Don't like getting barked at then do your job correctly.
Well, if this shit happens let's be grateful we're up 8-2
Strikeout, then dp. Let's do this
Poor Pat sounded so confused about that non-score. Lol
I like Reddick for the sole fact that he uses Triple H's music as his walkup ...
This is still a game we could lose if Chapman doesn't pull his head out of hi...
It's ok. That's why he's out there tonight  shake off the rust.
I blame that fuckhead with the W.
Not gonna lie, Reddick has cool walkup music.

Also that's no fun, insurance ...
If you're gonna keep them in the middle of the plate, you need to hit at leas...
Y'all are like "Just throw the heat Chappy!" and he does, and 99MPH down the ...
I'd like a DP right now. 
I am getting fucking rustled
Thank gawd for the Baez double
2 outs is all that matters. Something is up with Chapman's approach here.
Damn. They're on to Chapman. 
WHY ARE YOU WAVING THAT FLAG NOW?!?!? 
Look at Larry King sitting back there. I think he hopes to see the Cubbies wi...
[MFW the toilet has backed up into the shower and I need to use a rodder thro...
That sounds miserable.  
On the bright side the drain should be performing phenomenally for the next c...
make sure you don't let the Drano stay in the pipe. that will create a much b...
Well I'm probably gonna go with one of the non-caustic kinds that's environme...
not sure what difference that would make. good luck
Well, copper sulfate crystals should deal with the roots as for something non...
Alright you motherfuckers. If I see any negativity, I'm gonna give you a virt...
is saying fuck the DH negative?
Not saying it is
Thanks, Ump for killing the inning. You prick!
Is Kike a moron or what? 
Dodgers bitch constantly about balls and strikes. There's there makeup call f...
Let's be real. That was the only way he was getting on.
Can someone tell the dodgers to please button their fucking shirts up please
Bats need to wake the fuck back up again. 
maybe we shouldn't be 0-5 w/ RISP
Kris "I didn't keep that tag on, I guess I'll just tag this pitch instead" Br...
Fine by me if he touches home.
thats kinda catchy
Wasting everything tonight. Fucking get contreras in
HEY JOE BUCK

WHY DIDN'T YOU SPEND HALF AN HOUR TALKING ABOUT JAVY'S LEAD AND...
So, no fucking way in hell Heyward starts Saturday, right?
I'd rather have Heyward's solid defense and cold bat than Soler's barely warm...
Wrong.
Saturday, but he fucking better not. 
Jesus man, I edited that mistake within 10 seconds and you still caught me 
"We're only in the 6th inning."

"Why do we keep talking about this?"

You ha...
Hey buck if you're reading this subreddit I hope you get hit with a coconut a...
My time to shine! 
"Are you suggesting coconuts migrate?!"
WHY DOES EVERYONE HAVE A CONVENIENT USERNAME TONIGHT

FIRST IT'S TACOS AND NO...
can we just glue the bat to hayward's shoulder. He might get a walk.
With the count at 2-0 on Heyward, I would pinch hit with someone who can hit ...
Fucking Castaway out there. WILLSONN
#EPSTEIN FOR GOD 2016
Theo looks like a 4th grader on picture day.
Way to screw us out of the Baez vs Baez match up we all wanted to see, Roberts.
OH THANK GOD IT'S OVER
Lol he's getting booed
Damn! I wanted to see that Baez Baez matchup 
Baez ain't no Baez. 
Motherfucker stepped on the chalk as he left. 

We're winning this thing 
Yesssssss.... bring in Stripling. We demand further sacrifices.
Annnnnd there's Heyward to end it
as is tradition
He's just trying to give us a good night's sleep.
"Postgame immediately following the game"

No really?

Also nice DP
Buck with some major Dodger ball tickling about how close the game was.
"Looked outside"

it was outside you fucking idiot shut up buck
Damn we really needed to pile it on there...we had Hill on the ropes in the 2...
And now Joe mentions the pitch to Baez.  100% chance he is reading this threa...
I don't even have to go to /r/Dodgers to know they are going to be drowning i...
I mean, we would be too.
You would be correct in that assumption. They already forgot the first inning...
Kind of like us on Baez's K?
This interview is so fucking cringe lmao
Szczur is such a goon lol
Shoutout to jersey? '.....yeah'
Baez fucking with Rizzo... I like the playfulness, but c'mon man. 
*Trump wrong gif*
GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE
What? Pulling Maeda with Lester up? I don't understand this... it's Lester, t...
Positive vibes. We. Are. Winning!
My god, can someone make a play. Field the ball and make the play at the plate.
Hopefully we can take off this next inning.  We can't keep leaving people on ...
u/UnfortunatelyLawless you know what to do.
She does more than root for DP?
Oh yes, much more.
Larry king didnt even flinch
Cause he's dead.
I want a threesome with Daddison and Grandpa right the fuck now! Who's with me??
HAWT
If we were with you it wouldn't be a threesome anymore
BREAKING NEWS: IN A STRANGE TWIST OF EVENTS, THE DODGERS HAVE ANNOUNCED THEY'...
Bears offense and Cubs offense currently tied at 3.
Sounds about right
Bear down!
Uhhhh.  You're a bit behind, dude.
Bears scored 
Wasn't that a defensive TD tho
when is the last time heyward got a hit?

1986
he got a triple earlier in the postseason
Triple vs SF
Pat: "But Fowler read it"

Pat is a redditor and subscribes to r/chicubs CONF...
Pls walk and then Baez grand slam against fake Baez
COME ON, ALL I WANT TO SEE IS BAEZ VS BAEZ
Dave Roberts hates fun and denies us all a chance at Baez to Baez.
sick popup bruh
Aaaaand there's Heyward. Right on schedule.
Heyward pops it up more than Willie Mays Hayes. 
Heyward is such a cockblock during this offensive circlejerk
Joe Buck needs to get off Kershaw's dick. It's getting so so so bad.
Kershaw is the best pitcher in baseball, he deserves all of the praise. Joe B...
Have you not heard him say Kershaw every 5 minutes since the series started? ...
He has done the same thing with Baez. And just like Kershaw, the praise is de...
Poll time: Should I get Battlefield 1 tomorrow?
I'm passing
Absolutely.
The enjoyed the shit out of the beta except when I spawned without a weapon.  
ayyyyye lmao
Let the Cubs decide. If they win, yes. If not, no.
Personally I'm holding out for Skyrim Remastered. Battlefield does look dope ...
my friend played the multiplayer beta and loved it. Hear the single player ca...
If you like Battlefield games. You have to either like dieing a lot, or have ...
Yeah. I have it, I like it a lot
Welp. I'm outta here. Y'all pessimistic fuckers enjoy the game.
Huh? I don't think anyone is being overly pessimistic in here. 
Was just a string of negative. Keep 'em positive in here!
HEY
Not you. Keep the faith!
You'd think we were losing by 18 right now. Hate it when the sub gets like th...
Get over it, different fans react differently to the game 
K
Sorry, this came out pretty rude.  What I was getting at: some people just ge...
It's like they haven't watched this team this year.
"HAVE SOME FAITH YOU FUCKS" should be at the top of every GDT
RIP 180 million on Heyward.  Classic pop up
Baez is like the infield version of Heyward that CAN FUCKING GET ON BASE!
GET YOUR ASS BACK IN THE BATHROOM AND DON'T COME OUT UNTIL WE SCORE AGAIN.
Cubs don't need doodoo voodoo.
Don't you put that voodoo magic on Javy 
When Javy hits FA many years from now he is gonna get fucking PAID.
if the Cubs win this game I'll post myself eating an apple
You madman!
Madman
A Grannie Smith?
I got grannie smiths and galas in my fridge 
MADLAD
An Adam's apple 
/r/madlads
All right we won, so where is the video
Go Cubs!
Let's do this
What superstitions will you guys be practicing to bring our boys good luck to...
I took a shower 5 minutes before Zobrist's bunt. I came back right in time to...
I got out of the shower 2 minutes before Russel's HR.  I think there's someth...
crying
They started scoring when I sat down at the kitchen table, so I'm going to be...
That's using your ass
My mom did call me J-Lo when I was younger
everyone should go look at the sidebar of /r/CubsFarm 

its like a blast from...
Trying to kill time watching this flick They Look Like People. LPT if you val...
The Dodgers lineup vs. lefties looks so.....haphazard 
shitty dodgers lineup
I'm gonna be overseas for part of the WS and I am so upset. If I miss a game ...
u/cragcrag knows the struggle
Up&Up by Coldplay is pretty chill
https://youtu.be/G7MoXPxA5LM
#Lester's gonna deal tonight! 
Okay now I'm just sitting here wanting it to be 7!

[Tom Petty said it best.]...
my pregame distraction is last nights Great British Bakeoff. Unlike every oth...
The weather station closest to Dodger Stadium is reporting 91 degrees present...
Chills from the Anthem. So so so good. 
I want that guy to sing the soundtrack of my life
#THE BOYS ARE BACK.
Can we fly this guy to Chicago for the anthem Saturday night?
http://imgur.com/a/NIgAr HOLY SHIT WTF IMGUR THAT LINK 
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/3AzfIhs2-zo/hqdefault.jpg
wtf am i looking at
I don't know about anyone else, but I'm just excited to see who does an in-ga...
Think they mean "cub great" 
Vin doing that was pretty damn neat. 
Let's get this game started well with a couple of runs
It's a bloody shame that Vin isn't calling this game. As a Cubs fan, i wouldn...
Sorry Vin but we have to beat your team to the point where UN troops show up ...
The blue helmets are already there.
Did Vin slap his wife on the ass?
As is tradition.
Karros is a fucking traitor
Seriously. 12 years with the Dodgers and was employed by them after retiring ...
#EXACTLY! 

And fuck your logic!
Bunt it I dare you to
Seeing Vin makes me wish Ron was still around to see what we've become :/
This is already nerve-wracking.... there's only been 2 pitches!
God damn I have so much nervous energy right now. If the Cubs could go ahead ...
The greater chicago food depository has gotta love Fowler
DEXYS LEADOFF RUNNER
Got the ol' nervous pee already
#YOUGOWEGO
YOU GO WE GO!!!!
On a delay, so sorry for the late reactions guys!
eh not bad swing
that's a good sign
More hits to that guy. He looks lost out there. 
Come on rizzoooo
Rizzo using Szczur's bat again? 
3/3 with his bat of course 
I wonder if Rizzo will use Matt's bat again.
#RIZZOOOOO!!!!
Perfection
Maybe I should learn Spanish, I wouldn't have to listen to Joe Buck.
Atta boy Rizzo!!!

1-0!
OH SHIT GOOD READ
BEAUTIFUL!
RIZZO!!!
This is EXACTLY the start we wanted!
HAHAHA FUCK YES
HAIL HAUL HAIL HAIL
Wooooooo!!!
#WE UP ALREADY
BEAUTIFUL. JUST FUCKING BEAUTIFUL. 
#WELCOME BACK RIZZO!
Ahhhhhhhh what is happening?????
#THE MAN THE MYTH THE LEGEND 
Hot bat, hot bat is back tonight.
I couldn't be happier that after Buck says the Cubs don't manufacture runs .....
HE'S BAAAAAAAAAAACK!
H TO MY RIZZO
How awesome does it feel to say this:  Rizzo is ON FIRE!!
I love it!
This bat's going to the HoF
STAY WOKE BOYS
The legend of Szczur's bat lives on
#HAIL SCZCUR^^^S ^^^Bat
#HAIL SZCZUR'S BAT
WOOOOOOO
[RIZZO HAS THE POWEERRRR](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zIoElk3r2c)
THAT'S HOW THE CUBS START A FUCKIN GAME
Perfect hit and run! Love Rizzo as his usual self 
Anyone else going to simultaneously watch the train wreck that is the Bears g...
I would prefer to keep all my screens not damaged
Who?
How do you guys sync up the radio with the tv feed? Or do you just have it be...
I just use a ghetto stream online, radio and tv feed mixing sounds pretty ugly
I leave it ahead, worth it
Our third base coach is Wavin' Wendell 2.0
rizzo stealing signs right guys?
Oh hell yeah Zob
JAVY TIME!
If it happens, Sczur's bat needs to be in the Cub's HOF
#BB
This is the offense I like to see!
In my Road to the Show, Szczur was a shitty AA player. Thank God that game is...
Let's go Baez!

*clap clap - clap clap clap*
Good eye Zob, let's fucking go
Hit one off the space station Javy!
Let's go Baez indeed.
Panic, Dodgers...PANIC!

What's everyone drinking 
Shotgunning Bud Lights for dongs again tonight
Tequila. Drank it for game 1. Didn't for 2 and 3. Finished the bottle off for...
Tea, drank enough last night to cover for tonight too.
Bowmore 12
Gonzalez and Maeda have that pissed off eyebrow look
THAT WASNT EVEN FUCKING CLOSETO A STRIKE
That was not a strike...
Sounds like we are playing the Los Angeles Kershaws.
what a shit call
welp

thanks marquez
Wow... really?
this is going to be another 4 hour game
Yeah, that was a bad call.
Good take Javy. That sucks
That was in the other fucking batter's box. 

If Lester gets that call, he's ...
What the fuck. My ass could've called that pitch correctly.
Looks like this ump go be on bullshit tonight.
Jason I'm begging you here 
Come on, Heyward, get an actual fucking hit for once.
Looked like ball 3 but I am biased
Well then Fangraphs and Brooks are biased too.

(hint:  they're not)
Making him work. I love it
Here comes J Hey's next hit!
Damn.  That could have been a nice grounder.  
Give him szcezzeceers bat!
Fuck you and your baseball IQ Turner...
How many pitched did he throw tho. Lol
25
Check out the top of the thread, it updates all game.
It was more of a rhetorical question towards Joe Buck. 

Like "man what a str...
Got it. I'm a bit desynced on mlb.tv.
We prefer guesswork here, obviously 

COME ON, WHOEVER GETS CLOSEST WITHOUT G...
Almost 30
25-26
26
Top of the order was good, middle was bad... That's new for the postseason.
Would have liked more than 1, but what can you do when strikes are 2 inches o...
Motherfuckers got lucky getting out of that
I have a dream, that one day we will have some new commercials.
What are the odds J-Hey ever catches up to a fastball ever again?
In all seri...
Next inning lets just have a good ole fashioned Chicago bat swap.
Long as Lester is Lester, we'll be ok. Plus we face Maeda again in half an in...
I'd like to see Heyward get out of his "slump" like Riz and Addy but it's not...
By the way: Fuck the Packers
Oh no here come the fake bunts again
Bears offenses with the quick 3-and-out. Good thing I'm keeping the Cubs on t...
They literally are going to show bunt. Break their fucking bats Jon.
Ghat strikezone is bogus. A called third outside on Baez and another low to H...
yikes thats not a good start
Damn 4 straight balls?
Throw strikes lester
Let the guy fucking bunt if he wants to lol. Damn. 
He only walked the first guy to get the pressure of a perfect game off later 
Might as well let him bunt over a 4 pitch walk 
come on pick him off
This strike zone is awful
Was that larry king? (srs)
Yeah, he's been there all series (in LA).
He's been in the same spot the last two games.
Yeah, he's been at every game.
He's sat in the first row all 3 games, yes
You can't steal off old man ross
I've never wanted Ross to throw someone out as much as this kid.
Mound visit by Rizzo, and then the hidden ball trick.  I love that shit.
So much for your streak, Turner.
Lead off walks always come back to bite you. Let's see how this one plays out.
#K
Sit down fahkin hoser.
What's up with that dude's arm on base
WE HEARD YOU
Lol trying to get in the head of a seasoned pro like Lester? 
It's Seagar. That's his gimmick 
Lmao how do you not throw to 2nd and get that fucking idiot out. 
Lester can throw him out so easy
Is the ghost of Rod Beck inhabiting a camper van in the parking lot and makin...
"Tight strike zone tonight" sure didn't seem that way in the top half

One ground ball and we out
This strike zone for Lester is complete bullshit compared to what he's giving...
Loser 
Hell of a catch by the sleeveless guy
nice snag by that guy
Decent snag, bizarro Cumberbatch
It's getting in his head. I don't care if you design a pickoff play or someth...
Don't fuck with Jonny.
Fuck yeah, out of the inning unscathed.
Smoltz forgets that Lester has a very quick delivery and that Ross has a cannon
No, he mentioned it.
That doesn't fit their narrative of "DAE KNOW THAT LESTER CAN'T THROW TO FIRS...
GTFO KIKE YOU SCRUB
Kike Hernandez looked like a cartoon character dancing out there.
ATTA BOY JON
So what the thing now? Have the first batter try to bunt to mess up Lester's ...
We need to get those runs we left in the 1st inning
That was a roller coaster inning
Great job getting out of it Lester.
[Remember guys, vote no](http://images.moviepostershop.com/61-movie-poster-20...
Way to get out of it Jon
I wonder what Smoltz opinion is on how easy it is to run on Lester /s
[OOH YEAH!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Igui65gY5M)
I think the 20 minute t-1st made Lester a little stiff for the first few batt...
I'm frustratingly impressed with the mind games. But that shit ain't gonna
How hard can it be to learn a pickoff move? I'm serious. I can't be that diff...
You know how you can't forget how to ride a bike? Imagine you did. That's wha...
That feeling when someones chasing you, and you run to your front door and yo...
It's in his head.  It's the same thing as "you're now breathing manually".  O...
Ask Shaq how hard it is to hit free throws.
I think more than ever some hits and runs in this inning would be monumental....
Why so many replays of that masterful Maeda pitch
I went to Binnys this afternoon and picked up a brand new bottle of Malört! W...
Next guy on 1st dancing I want a first pitch pitchout and Ross to gun it down...
Y'know, if there's anything I want it's to win grandpa rossy one more ring.
at least marquez is screwing both teams
Damn Rossy clobbered that foul
Oh, there's Mary Hart.  She's behind Larry King.
Dodgers have their best Halloween decorations out there with that zombie Larr...
dont be mean to larry :(
He looks so cachectic......
Larry King is making that ice cream his bitch
Great AB Gramps!
Maeda has evil eyebrows 
Tommy LaSorda did not look amused...
Lester ready for that EZ 1 2 3
Bobby Valentine looks like he would have been really handsome when he was you...
If Jon gets through this inning unscathed, he's officially locked in. No chan...
I have a billion Tommy Lasorda manager baseball cards from when I was a kid. ...
Interesting to see how Jon comes out here. 
Cable and internet is down because of stupid rain. Plus my phone signal is sh...
I don't get the bunt shit, it's not like Ross isn't preparing for it to cover...
Anyone want to give me the lowdown on why Gonzalez is in the 6 hole?
Pregame said it was for potential 2 out RBI situations 
I think they wanted more righties at the top of the order?
Joe Maddon 8th intradimensial Chinese Go  
edit: wait a minute
Lefty/Lefty
Nice to get that call on Gonzalez
How do you guys listen to radio on your phones?
LMAO THAT NO
lol Gonzalez stop whining
Ugh control is not looking good. 
This zone is no bueno 
i liked that strike 3 call.  triple clutch with the fist!
"Puig's been swinging the bat better, 3 hits in his last 2 games"

One being ...
MMMMMMM I love me some Lester. I'd do terrible amazing things to that man. 
lol nice bunt
#Bronze that glove
love the look from Lester
Lol, 1-hopper from the mound
#1 2 3
Phew!
# STILL AN OUT 
Not sure why you bunt with two outs..
LESTER WANTS TO WIN TONIGHT!!!!
Love it lester, kill em
Do you know why Jon Lester has trouble throwing to 1st? He's from Ypsilanti, ...
Don't they know every batter trying to bunt destroys the mechanic because it ...
How do you guys listen to radio on your phone?
MLB's AtBat app
Should be radio station apps
Mlb at bat subscription 
The few apps and sites I've tried are all blacked out, just have regular radi...
Can't argue with results
Great inning by Lester. Love those sub-10 pitch innings. 
Just read ago said its "us against the world" for that upheld out? Lmao. Fuck...
I will say I appreciate the NFL streaming TNF on Twitter. 1080p on my tablet,...
MISS YOU EMPEROR YOURE THE MAN 
Can I get Matt Szczur's socks, I need some good luck 
Haha I'll give you the best wood 
I gotta work tomorrow! Night y'all!

Let's go cubs!
Damn, we need some more runs.
Just like Joe drew it up 
ATTABOY ADDI 
I want Russell's level of chill in everything I do
AND HE'S STILL OUT HAHA
I want taco bell to give free tacos after every failed bunt because then I wo...
When they give away tacos, can you get a soft shell? I really don't like Taco...
/r/randomactsofpizza
hey bby
Had flashbacks to last nights play by Monty.  

Edited to not sound redundant.
LMAO Rizzo.
LOL Baez 
Oh Baez
lol theyre pretty loose out there
That was cute by Javy and Tony .
Choosing to drink water tonight instead of beer. My gut and colon are sooo ha...
Baez you don't need to get in Rizzo's face
Rizz and Baez are qt3.14s too
No time for games Baez! haha
That was some Elvis Andrus Adrian Beltre level stuff
His pitch count is looking good. 
lol Baez having a Starlin Castro moment.
Testing out my nerves of steel. Stuck listening to this game on the radio. As...
Love Pittsburgh bars. Beautiful city 
> Beautiful city.

Ha, no it's not. 
Yeah I'm a little out of the city. Heading to the Fan Club in wilmerding. Abo...
Did Larry King move over a seat?
Yes
His body double really messed that up
What is that crap that's always in Turner's back??
Poopoo. More specificallly Gonzalez's shit from last night during that replay...
Javy HAHAHAHA I fucking love these guys 😂
FUCK JUSTIN TURNER AND HIS PASTY WHITE ASS!!!!!
Seager eats green peas with his chocolate milk
He puts ketchup on his New York pizza
Ew
wish Lester would pick them off at first, just once, to show them that he can
Dude is balding bad
What the fuck?
bad bad call
where'd that miss?
Turner is balding on the crown
Wow... Surely that was a strike?
Gross bald spot. 
Uh strike 3?
Are you kidding me!? Ball?
Wow, this strike zone
I don't give half a turf about a stolen base. Go get them Lester. Strike em o...
Did Lester fuck this ump's wife?
He's not gonna call the fucking inside pitches.
That's strike fucking three
Pure tropical garbage
What the fuck, ump. This stike zone is terrible today.
How many fucking strikes do you have to throw to get a strikeout? I used to t...
The ump blows man
Now go wash your chin, Seager.
Only needed to throw 4 strikes that AB
Fired up! Love it
Grab some pine, Meat! 
There we go Jonny boy!
CALL THAT A FUCKING BALL BLUE!
#GOT EEM
Yea baby. All this bullshit is just pumping Lester up.
Alright we can't go 3 up 3 down
BOOM!
God, I love seeing Lester fired up.
LESTER MY HERO.
Sit the fuck down Seager!!!
Now that was pretty. 

Is anyone else surprised by how quite the Dodgers fans...
Quite.

But the sound really does just depend on the microphones.
Dundee being a Scottish city I have to ask about your username
My dad was stationed in Scotland I was born there and I've been crippled for ...
Did you live here long?
My parents were there from 75-79 I was just over a year old when my dad got t...
Oh fuck, this shower shit issue (literal) waking me up early is making me fad...
wait what?
Toilet backing up into the shower.
Fuck, we had that happen last week. Sucks. :( 
To call Baez out on a pitch 3 inches off the left side of the plate then call...
Fuck yeah, Lester! Let's goooooo!
Atta boy Lester
https://www.facebook.com/BrunnoStronda/posts/1159197084140598 is this rich hi...
Kenta is about to get the runs
Sharp pitches from a sharpshooter. Let's see some cubbie dongers.
Let's keep working the counts and add on this inning. 
the baseball commercial with the kids surrounding home plate makes me happy.
can we get some maeda runs please
Man Baez has been swinging out of his shoes the last two games.
There's a shot baby!!!!
JAVY BABY!!!
Just missed
That's the way we do it!
FUCK YEAH JAVY!!!
#H
Atta boy Javy!!
https://gfycat.com/GlumDigitalEgret
Uk I'm starting to think this Baez fella might not be half bad
Eh, I guess he could turn out alright.
ay whoa pal me too
Larry King is starting to sink into his seat again.
Rossy stealing his youth.
he doesn't have any one to interview it saddens him
Atta boy Javy!
Heyward bunt pls....
Get the rally going Javy! YOU DA MAN!
NICE HIT JAVY.

I will shotgun a beer if Heyward gets him home.
Bae caught you slippin!!!!
**BAE**z
That was a fucking rope!
God damn that was the pitch. Great swing there by JHey
We totally need a gif of Lester literally shouting spit out of his mouth. 
Just pull a ground ball here Heyward
"Good pitch.  Come on now blue!"
New shirt came today https://imgur.com/UvIL0or
Javy be raking more than a guy cleaning his lawn.
What if he owns a condo and doesn't have a lawn?
Maybe he has one of those little sand things people put on their desks.
FUCKING THANK YOU
I'll take it.
I'll take it!
Right in the booty meat
Thank god he got hit 
maeda's adderall is wearing off
I'm surprised Frank Drebin didn't call that strike 3.
Any one at the stadium?   It sounds so quiet on the stream. 
Right on that booty!
Sitting on the bench is gonna suck.
Smackin' dat ass.
LETS GET BAEZ HOME!
In da booty
Thanks for hitting Heyward. That's not a bad result at all.
right in the BUTTTTTT
Too aggressive
DAT BOOTY
We need to get at least two here. I'd greatly appreciate that happening.
Something jumped up and bit me!
Right on the wallet.
Best contact Heyward has had in a while lol
Heyward got on base!
my new work week is completely fucking me up, I keep thinking it's the day be...
Dodgers spying on visitor bullpen 
Come on Russ, all they're throwing are sliders
Addy just swung at the same damn pitch three times out of four.
Addi still looks lost
Solid pitch. We will be avenged.
Goddamn just move him over Addi
Member Russell's hw last night? I member

:'(
Come on Rossy!
Just let the game come to you, batters  swinging at all the balls
I wish addy bunted.
hi I'm back from a shower, did I come back at the right time?
Yes
Good fucking take
I would love to know what Joe is saying to Jon
Why is the Dodgers' catcher using those signs instead of finger signs?
It looks like he and Maeda had some kind of miscommunication and don't agree ...
They think we are stealing signs
They thought we were stealing signs
the best thing is i think i already figured out their code.
Share please
the few ive seen have been right knee fast ball left knee curve ball.
Damn. What an at bat
He was probably doing that to avoid lester fucking anything up ya know

bette...
Seriously, Roberts. Wtf is this?
pitching change with Lester up?

lol
Short leash
Well I didn't expect him to get pulled. 
why the fuck are they pulling him
why are they brining in relief for the pitcher?
They're scared of Lester!
What in the actual fuck is Roberts doing lol
[deleted]
hes followed by ross and lester, i wouldnt want to take the bat out of his ha...
Yeah, but moving the runner to third probably would've scored him on Ross's f...
Damn Lester.  That was the same pitch you just held off on.  
What drug did Roberts take?

A. LSD
B. PCP
C. Ketamine
D. Bath salts 
I didn't see him try to fly or eat somebody so I doubt any of them 
Where's the all of above option?
In a cemetery 
All of the above
Pcp 
I'm hoping it's D. I want him to go canabalistic on Kershaw
What a fucking waste man
Aaaaand, they should have bunted javy over
Why did the dodgers bring in a relief pitcher to face Lester 
they scurrrred
Since borrowing things from Szczur brings powers that girl who has his marrow...
If we get out of this we really need to score some runs. Can't let these guys...
[deleted]
Gonzalez doesn't have a chance.  It's him vs the world.  
I'm so much more uneasy when we have a garbage ump to battle too. 
Rossssssssssssss!!!!!
Fuck he's safe
Ugh he's safe :/
Bryant's tagging is really bad.
fuck he's safe
Ah fuck
Dammit he is safe. Need a strikeout, Lester 
I would have loved that out. 
Baez needs to show KB how to sweep tag
We're spoiled by javy tags 😕
Fucking nailed him!

Edit: Shit.
Keep the fucking glove on him damnit. Might as well push people off the bag n...
Strike out. Here it comes.
Why are base umpires so bad? 
WE ARE THE BEST WE GOT THIS! I LOOVE THIS TEAM
You're a gril? Interesting!
I make it work. 
Why is Animal used so much at Dodger Stadium? It's kind of creepy. 
this is way too intense for a 4th inning
With this replay crap you have to keep the glove on the guy until he stands u...
wow
Fuck you Gonzalez!
FUCK
Rizzooo noooo
I think he would've been safe either way 
Damn it.
Fuck. This.
Hope leaving RISP don't bite us in the ass. 

Rizzo let Baez get that next time 
I feel much better about the Cubs offense than the Dodgers, lots of time to g...
WOW that's uncharacteristic as fuck. :(

At least they still got the out.

An...
My God.  Whyyyyyy
GUYS IT WAS THE LEAD KENDRICK HAD. THAT'S THE REASON HE WAS ABLE TO STEAL THIRD.
Wait but why was he able to have that lead?
im not sure. I muted Joe Buck. I'm sure he said something along the lines of ...
and that's a fault of Lester to keep letting them get away with that shit. 
Lead and bad tag by Bryant. Could've let the ball come to him. 

Throw by Ros...
I dunno I don't think he was getting that tag down, Kendrick was there quick.
hows that a bad tag? what should he done different?  lol. its just Lester thi...
He reached forward and then had to come back when he caught it. Catch the bal...
#letsgo
#Auf gehts*
Come on Lester
Well, at least we're in their bullpen now.
Alright guys time for some runs
TIME FOR THE TOP OF THE ORDER TO GET THE LEAD BACK


LET'S GOOOOOO CUBS
He over slid and came off the bag a bit. If kris holds that tag, would he be ...
If that Baez out taught us anything, yes. But whatever it's in the past now. 
Yes
Yep. It's hard to hold a swipe tag, though.
Let's get some back 
All right, time to get some runs!
Let's go boys, gotta take advantage next time we get RISP
eh. we're in their bullpen now. we're good. 
Good old pop up puig
That run is on our defense. LETS GET IT BACK BOYS! 
i love this Cubs radio commercial where Danica Patrick yells go like 6 times
Bears only outscoring the Cubs by 2. Let's get some runs here.
Comon Kris! Grab Matt's bat too and bring the DONG!
Why are there ads in between batters?
because Fox
Or they're changing pitchers? I can't tell because they show so very little o...
$$$
Now Bryant needs to get going again. 
Is it weird I cannot stand football because of the ads between plays?
Well hell at least they don't put commercials during the actions like nascar ...
And the obnoxious music transition every damn time.
FUCK YEAH KB
Holy shit that was bad defense
now fucking drive him in
Alright Rizzo
#H
Don't waste this one!
Fuck yeah Joc strap you suck
C'mon Rizz, find a way.
Really tough play for Joc. Way to get on Bryant
Now bring him the fuck home!
let's fucking go bryant. thats how you redeem yourself. now it's your turn ri...
Alright now let's take advantage.
C'mon boys, bring him home!
Fuck you Pederson
Well done, KB!
THERE WE GO KB

KNOCK HIM IN RIZZO
ok plz anthony
The good lord Bryant's triple cannot be wasted.

edit: double. 
Of course it can't be wasted, cause it was actually a double
Double. 
Double 
Triple?
#SPARKLES
please just string a few hits together
Getting that run back would be nice.
That synthy ESPN/Fox intro thingy is the beginning of Sleigh Ride and now I c...
#RIZZO TIME
Is the organ playing Legend of Zelda?
NOT GONNA BE TIED FOR LONG, BECAUSE RIZZO IS GONNA GO DEEEEEEP
Rizzo please!
ugggghhhhhhhhhhhh
Come on Rizzo...
Fucking Christ Rizzo, what was that...
Ah damn. Zobrist started the rally yesterday, he can start another today!
Ball out Zoballs
Alright, time for Zobs to come through in another big spot.
please based zo
Who angered the RISP gods?
Benzo's gonna walk, Baez is gonna go deep.
I give you all my power Zob!
that's the definition of a 3-0 strike
more like a 4-0 strike.
damn we really cant catch a break today.
pls not again
FUCK ME
Night and day
Crap crap crappity crap. RISP = FAIL. :(  Come on Cubbies!
>Strike 1 should be ball 4

>**0% CALL SAME**

https://twitter.com/CubsUmp/st...
[**@CubsUmp**](https://twitter.com/CubsUmp/)

> [2016-10-21 02:10 UTC](http...
See me
Fuck. Ah well.
MLB has the technology, and still lets humans who get tricked by a glove movi...
That would completely destroy the game

No it wouldn't. It makes a consistently called zone, that doesn't get tricked...
The main issue is the Umpires Union.  You can't just fire people like that, a...
The umps would still have other jobs to do, it's just taking the one thing th...
These umps need to stop fucking handing innings to the Dodgers.
We're leaving too many runners on
Bunt the fucking thing and make them make a fucking play. They haven't had to...
The ups and downs of this series are too much. I'm not ready for this weekend. 
I hate bitching about umps but that's two calls in the dodgers favor in a row...
Bad strike-ball calls are favoring the Dodgers 11-2.

And they're doing all t...
Tweet that @ that bitch Gonzalez 
Baez smooth as fuck
Seems like we get the outside pitch to righties but not lefties
I'm so Bi. 
Lester is still lookin real good
A nice 1-2-3 here would be so nice.
Best number sequence in sports.
Better than 7-1?
You got me there...or whatever the time was when Super Mario happened.
not with the god awful strike zone
I think Buck has a hard on for lefty pitchers
I think Buck has a hard on for the Dodgers
Some days I dream of when Joe finally benches the hitter Jason Heyward and so...
3 up 3 down
Good boy Lester, now let's score some fucking runs
NEED A WILLSON SIGHTING!!!
would love for baez, heyward, and russell to go ham
Nice job, Jon.

Time to get some runs.
LETS GO BAE, leadoff triple I'm feeling it 
Sorry, wizards are only cool if its Harry Potter.  Don't need no spin offs.
See and I hate HP, but that one actually looks interesting to me.
Idk, American wizarding culture could be cool to see
Lester is locked in.
5K LESTER
Beautiful inning by Lester.
#LETSGOGADGET
*#CLAP CLAP CLAPCLAPCLAP*
Jon looks so frickin' good tonight. It's a shame their RBI was such an unclea...
Let's throw Blanton off
Just what Lester needed a short quick inning.
Good start
good job baez

let's make something happen now
that really looked like he was charging for it lol
Baez Baez Baby!
C'mon Joe "Grand slam" Blanton!
Now let's bring this guy home
Bae getting on base again.
If Hayward homers, I'll forgive everything 
Get hit again J
Channel your former voodoo plz
83 year old mom has groundout, I have pop out.
I've pretty much finished packing for my honeymoon. Testing out some electron...
Hit and run here Joe 
You called it.
RISP. Let's break this funk.
Bunt 
Nice, Javy. 
Finally making shit happen

did I just hear former starter for Montero?
Need a classic Heyward groundout to the right side now.
JUST GROUND OUT TO THE RIGHT SIDE LIKE NORMAL JHEY PLEASE 
Noice!
HO YEA
"couldn't get the ball out of the glove..." the video very clearly shows othe...
I'd love for Blanton to hand you guys the series. 
Runner in scoring position again.  Let's do this!!!
Javy can't win it on his own boys.
Hoyer has broken left arm, FYI. 
Wait what? Jed Hoyer?
Cutler playing?
 Barkley. Whoever the fuck that is
Heyward weak groundout to the 2nd base here please you've been doing it all s...
My god.... 
Damnit heyward 
good thing he took that 3-1 pitch...jesus
Why
Jesus christ. We aren't going to score him are we... Why not just fucking bun...
jesssssus christ
J-Hey needs to live with KB's dad this off season.
what the fuck was that?
What was that
omg. what a terrible swing
Damn it Jason.
jesus christ heyward is the fucking worst
God damn Heyward.
Once again, should have fucking been Willson. Heyward is worthless up there. 
Fuck off heyward
I get that Heyward is bad but holy fuck
God Heywards trash.
Heyward is so bad man.
what the ever-loving fuck was that heyward?
LOL what the fuck man...
Heyward you're fucking worthless 
What. The. Fuck. Was. That. 
what was he swinging at lmao
Heyward is the absolute worst. 
He needs to be fucking benched. 
That was a terrible swing by Heyward.
That was so far out the plate
... Is he... Golfing?
Heyward seriously needs to change his swing this offseason.
Almora in right next game, please. Jesus heyward you can't even ground out so...
God, that was stupid.
Heyward? More like K-WARD

But seriously, he needs to start doing *something*...
BOOM
joe needed to fucking bunt
ADDI POWER!
FUCK YEAH ADDIE BOMB SHOT!!
HE DID IT AGAIN
ADDI FUCK YES!
FUCK YES ADDY
FUCK YEAH ADDY!!! 
WOoooooooooooooooo
ADDI ADDI HE'S OUR MAN IF HE CAN'T DO IT NO ONE CAN!!!!
AADDDIIIII
#Addi!!!!!! 
#YEEEEEEEESSSSS!!!!
Yessssss!!!!!
ADDI!!!!
#GO GO GO GO GO GO
**RUSSELL!!!!!!**
WOOOOOO
RUSSELL SAYS IM STILL BACK BITCHESSSSS
Addy Boy!
Aaaaaaaaaddi! <3 <3 <3
WE EATIN FAM
#RUSSELL MUSCLES FROM BRUSSELS!!! 
#R 
There we fucking go!!!! ADDI!!!!!!!
ADDI DONGER!
ADDI MOTHERFUCKING YESSS
AAAAADDDDIIIIII!!!!!

Big swing baby!!!
ADDDDDDDDDDDDISONNNNNNN
Heyward is fucking awful.  He can't do anything right.
#HELLZ YEAH!!!
HES ON FIREEEE!!!
That's my boy!! MUSCLE!!
ADDIEEE MUSCLE!!!!!
#Addi you my Daddy.
lol heyward
Jason Heyward is going to be so good at the plate next year.
WOOOOOO Blanton is going to need therapy after this series
ADDISON DID IT AGAIN. HOPING TO GIVE US A LEAD WHEN WE GET BACK TO ADDISON.
SO, THAT GUY WHO WAS CALLING TOP 6TH?
My neighbors definitely think I'm a freak. 
GIMME THAT HANGER BLANTON!!!! WOOOOOO
Gotdamn, Addi!
Addi is on fire
FUCK YEA
I wonder who's underwear he's wearing.....
Nice Mustache, Addison!


#Let's Go
I'd like to thank the Cubs offensive leader, Joe Blanton
Heyward.  See Russell after class...
Drinking game part II: take a shot whenever Buck mentions Sczur's bat. 
#LETS GO!!! ATTA BABE ADDI!!!
I knew my stream was behind because I saw the celebration in here before anyt...
Theo looks just as stressed out as all of us lol
Joe Blanton, the Cubs secret weapon
I advocated for Russell being benched in game 4. I'm glad I was so, so wrong
That was a good slider. I mean a good slider for Addy, it was not good.
Sooooo Szczur, can you offer a blood sacrifice to the rest of the guys? I thi...
FUCK STUDYING I LOVE YOU ADDI MUSCLE
POST SEASON WIENER BOOP  

EDIT: HOW DO YOU MAKE BIG BLUE TEXT?
PUT AN OCTOTHORPE IN FRONT OF THAT MOTHERFUCKER

#LIKE THIS
WHAT IN GODS GREEN FUCKING EARTH IS AN OCTOTHORPE
Lol, it's how the nerds say hashtag
#DISREGARD
Grandpa!!!
GRANDPA HUSTLE!
#H
I'm not gay but I'd go down on Addison if he asked 
Straight up chugging!
I WANT BUTTHURT BUCK
I'm convinced Blanton is secretly a Cub. 
Nice running Old Man. 
WHEELS GRAMPS!
**GET OUT THE WALKER GRAMPS IT'S FUCKING ON BABY** 
OH GOD DAVID BE CAREFUL!
Let's buy Blanton a nice bouquet. He's been so kind. 
#GRANDPA GETS IT DONE
Get Ross some oxygen
ADDI BOOOOOYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LET'S PLAY A LITTLE GAME CALLED "FUCK THE DH"

LET'S GO LESTER
You have to wonder at what point do the dodgers decide not to use Blanton at ...
Rossy working those legs!
GRANDPA GOT WHEELS
Gotta love grandpa going for broke there.
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOO
Ugh! At bat froze up right when the ball left the bat! 
ROSSY HUFFIN AND PUFFIN!
Here come our bats!!  LET'S GOOOO!!!
RISP jinx broken :) ADDISON IS AWESOME!
Grampa doing work.
I'm feelin a Lester RBI.
Huh. Ross running to a double. Things I thought I'd never see
Grandpa has some wheels on him!
So fuckin good, man.
Damn. Lester knew he just missed that one.
Lester won't accept a strikeout. 
Kinda surprised they put Blanton in, we've been teeing off him.
Muscle Russell

ok i'll stop
THIS IS WHY RELYING ON JOE BLANTON IS NOT ADVISED IN PROFESSIONAL BASEBALL
Give us two more 1-2-3s Lester and hand it off clean to Chappy
You guys can thank me, I went to the gas station to get beer, had MLB app ope...
More Blanton please!
Okay all we need is good defense and solid pitching and this game is ours. Le...
I want a flair that stands out, help me chicubs
Go with your heart. 
Yup, that is why Heyward is in.
will almora or szczur, ever start a game in your opinion?

EDIT: lol whoops f...
Szczur isn't on the roster so probably not him.
Almora probably not, and szczur can't because he's not on the playoff roster 
Szczur isn't on the roster.
Szcuzur isn't on the roster.
Oh look, Heyward can defense!
Rizzo....come on man
Come on Rizzo..... my god. 
Wow, Rizzo.  Wow.
DP baby. C'mon. 
not the best game for rizzo so far
Loving the safety Strop.
I dislike Corey Seager
Hoyer injured.  Barkley now playing
Rizzo shitting the bed at first today 
Rizzo's defense has been a little lack luster this game.
Rizz...
It's gonna be ok bby.
#FUCK BALLS
If KB must get quiet in order for the rest of the team to get hot, so be it. ...
Meh. DP pls
DP
Damn it, Seager's killing it in this series.
That was a tough hop
That's 2 Rizz 
Ross just gonna tell him he doesn't give a shit if he has the yips he throws ...
I need some DP in my life.
Really tough bounce on that one.
thats a nasty slider.  throw it again, Jon.
Tough play by Rizzo, a tough play that MLB first basemen should make 10 times...
lol I'll take it
Fucking hell Grandpa, those cataracts almost giving us a heart attack
Didn't Soler gun the guy out at 3rd after Lester's wild throw to first in tha...
Yes sir he did
Doesn't matter because it doesn't fit the FS1 narrative...
The bears are actually keeping it close with the packers. 
Wanna know something about Jon Lester? 
Is he 20 years old?
Is he the guy who blew a 3-1 lead in the nba finals? 
Yes
Gramps cradled that like a baby
Yeah a baby meteor. 
Lester's last inning :(
Who said? He looks good. I'd keep him in if he thinks he can go
Not with Gonzalez next. Assuming he gets an out here.
Honest question, is Ross married/does he have kids?
Oh yes. To both
Yeah to both
Yes and Yes
yeah
Yes he's married to a fox of a woman and has Achilles little Grandpas.
A couple *
No, his children are invulnerable except for their ankles.
we are all his grandkids
Buck keeps bringing up the Lester throwing to first thing a lot, he needs a s...
Why throw over when you can blow it by loser Kendrick????
Damn Lester is balling
Jon!
gimme a gramps snap throw to nail him at first
I love you Jonny ❤️
Fantastic performance by Lester.
Hm, think they let Lester try and go for one more inning?
Szcur's bat drinking game coming up. Get your shots ready folks. 
MOAR RUNS
anybody else find it strange that minor leaguers are openly fans of teams oth...
So are major leaguers. Jeff Samardzija for instance 
Come on KB make me shotgun!!!!!!
Blast us some insurance, Rizz
i hope ice cube gave that ball to a kid
C'mon Rizz! Time for you to unload yourself all over the field....
RIZZOBUNT
Fuck it...that'll work my man
Love that play
I love when he does that!
Ya got em good!
I lived in the Chicago area my whole life, and the month I move across the co...
I still think it's this bar guys. Rizzo bunting for the hit. These are the fi...
RIZ TEACHING THOSE FOOLS NOT TO SHIFT AGAINST HIM
So, did it ever get announced if Matt's bat and/or underwear will be randomly...
Stfu with your stupid "grind" bullshit Joe. 
Alright Javy
1 out runner on second. Inning over...
#BB
what does this stand for?
Base on Balls - Walk
*B*ase on *B*alls.
Base on balls
Base on Balls, aka walked.
It means walk
(Stands for "Base on Balls")
I feel like an idiot.
Learn something new every day!
I know that, but BB should stand for *something*

I thought it was big boys o...
BB = base on balls. 
Big Bunt

Rizzo has mastered that art. 
Of course Pedro Baez isn't ready. It takes him probably half an hour to warm up.
Oh no I accidentally hit the garbage disposal switch instead of the light and...
My greatest fear is someone doing that while I'm reaching in to clear a clog ...
For sake of your other measuring spoons, better hope we don't score a bunch r...
RIP Spoony.
RIP spoon, you will be missed.
There's a chunk of it still in there that I couldn't find to fish out. 
Pitcher number 5 please.  
Shit, Pedro Baez. Time to go to bed, by the time I get up for work his inning...
Please don't put him in. It's already getting late and i gotta work in the mo...
please, for the love of Lester. Base hit javy. No fucking hero swing.
I wonder if that ticks the umpires off knowing the second they get to mound t...
Larry is really just a ghost and disappears when the moon hides behind a cloud. 
Pedro's up next?   
okay. guess the game's not finishing before midnight (eas...
That's only an hour from now. Totally reasonable 
did i say eastern? I meant central. 
Fuck it, let's make it easy on Lester. Let's get to 10 again
grrr...gotta stop going after those low and away breakers Javy.
Heyward swings at the plate the same way he does those warm up swings on deck. 
good god I almost shit myself
What's the protocol if Larry King dies in the stands?
Heyward lets go!
Heyward plz
Baez did not need to swing at all. They were never going to put it even close.
Red red winnnnneeeee
heyward, bro, if there is any time to ome through, this would be it.
It's ok Javy, you don't need to be the hero today :)
Yet....
i mean he got on bfore Russell's donger, so he's done good already.
right here 22
Eh, what the hell. He can do it!
J. Hey. Plz.
Come on Heyward
Feelin' a double down the 1st base line.
Damn it that was his pitch. 
Should've pinch hit almora 
Would not Heyward do well with a tiny bat like Bonds or Rizzo?  He has that b...
He has a big hole called the strike zone....
oh my god that pitch was on a fucking tee. i cant wait for schwarber to come ...
All this RISP stuff better not fuck us 
Heyward really needs to fix his batting stance in the off-season. 
Classic
^^sigh
Ugh. Heyward. 
/headDesk
Heyward is so far off the plate.
Somebody get Heyward a bat from a teammate
At what point does his wasted at bats finally outweigh his defense and he get...
Perfect bunt and they've been faking it all night we weren't expecting that.
No way, he was out!
LOOKED OUT TO ME
Outtttttttttttttttttttttt
Heyward needs to take 2, maybe 3 weeks off at the end of the season, go somew...
Oh hell no, that's definitely out.
i don't even know what to say about addi wearing Szczur's underwear
#HOLY SHIT BAEZ
Hes out af
Not even close. See ya Gonzo
O U T 
OUT MOTHERFUCKERS 
Oh shit. I hope they screw Gonzalez again. Oh my god that would be great.
Another chance to see Adrian cry.
100% out 
Baez is wet as fuck
"I think we got him"
Incredible play from Javy
Out
Rizzo: "I think we got him"
holy shit javy. even if we don't get the call...holy shit.
I'm ordering a Baez jersey right now. 
I hope he wags his finger when it gets overturned. 
Yep that dude out
Gonzalez is this year's Murphy. Not as good, but I hate him so much
No. Baez is this year's murphy, only doing it on defense as well as offense.
I'm basing my comparison on my dislike of both players. Baez is ours
haha fair enough
Out.

LOL OUT
Out!
YES BAEZ YOU MONSTER
JAVY SO SMOOTH. THX FOR NOT SUCKING UMPS. 
YES ANOTHER CALL AGAINST THAT FAT PIECE OF SHIT 
TV had it as out! 
I want to go on the Baez ride, pls.
I love Javy!!!
Out
OUT
I almost feel guilty jumping on the bandwagon this year... but I'm marrying i...
Javy being Javy
Javy Baez = Neo
Get off the base Gonzales 
Javy gonna Javy
I'm not one for the whole "ha ha fuck that particular player" thing, but I am...
FUCK OUTTA HERE
Baez is my hero
Best defensive player in baseball. 
BAAAAEEEE
It always happens to the biggest whiners. He's out and gonna pout.
If Gonzalez is involved with a challenge its pretty much guaranteed to go our...
Mmm Baez
somehow Baez might end up having the most star power out of any of our young ...
Poor A-Gon can't catch a break lol
What a play Baez
I like a lot of players on the Dodgers, but A-Gon is seriously the David Orti...
YEAH!!!!
God, I love Dex.
Coming out party!
I have to say the strikeout rate thing has blown my mind how good he's done. ...
Yeauuuh
Nice. One more out and that sets up our lineup in the 8th perfectly.  Addy, R...
Fuck
When will these idiots realize bunting wont work anymore lmao
Ah that just squeaked by.
Do it lester!
Lester is fooling the runners and that's insane
SQUEEZR
Fantastic play by Baez.  Way harder than it looks with the runner passing in ...
Fuck yeah Lester!! Way to go! Beautiful outing. 
Fuck yes
Way to go Jon. Hell of a performance.
Let's go to the 8th?! 
Fuck. Yes.
Time go get a run or two and really amp up the heat on L.A.
Get the bats out Cubbies. Give the RPs some room to breathe.  
Chapman 2 inning save?? 
Nope. Won't be a save opportunity! Getting runs here!
I think Carl's Jr. To Chappy is the move here 
Please God no
Baez showing the nation what he has in the field. Great crucial play of the b...
Muted the announcers and am trying to listen to chill as fuck music. Recommen...
Like DMB? #41 is a chill favorite of mine.
Or Pat and Ron. 😄
Lester would be my favorite Cub if Rizzo weren't the most lovable player in e...
Lester making his paycheck totally worth it. if heyward did the same we would...
[#SexyLester](https://img.ifcdn.com/images/f2eea3fe49df4f644bedb3ab914f501778...
Honestly the "tease Lester on the bases" game probably hurts Dodgers as much ...
definitely seems to have shaken out that way. fascinating and strange strategy
I feel like it would rattle a lot of pitchers. I think it started to rattle L...
Way to hustle and put the pressure on, Addi!
Addison Hustle
that's the fastest their baez has done anything in his life
That's how you hustle Addy! Attaboy! 
Human Rain Delay on the hill.... 
HOW DO YA LIKE THEM APPLES INFERIOR BAEZ!

Sorry, I'll reign in my massholene...
Bunt? 
Slipped right out his fupa 
Lets bust this game open
So who do you have pitch the 8th? the 9th?

I'd lean towards Chapman 8th with...
Depends on if we can get more runs here.  Chapman if it stays a 2 run game.  ...
Nope never. Whatever is in Chapman's head, all he thinks about is being a clo...
> He messes up every 8th inning he touches.

I would argue he messes up comin...
Wood or Hector in 8, Chapman in 9.
Willy!!!!!!
respect90
Why.... why are we still going with the 2 inning Chapman experiment?
I think it's more of an inherited baserunner problem. 
I do agree, but still makes me very nervous.
Is Baez taking two months to pitch a strat or him waiting for the stars to align
Willson's been great all postseason
#H
I don't like trying to get a six out save out of Chapman
WILSONNNNN!!!
#KeepChapmanInThe9th
aw. Larry left early again. 
Wait...Chapman coming in for the 8th? Should I be worried?
I am a little
Alright, time to play "FUCK THE CLOSER"
that boy needs to play more

Contreras has to be in the lineup from here on out. He has a cannon too. Put ...
Excellent time to play a game of Fuck The Closer.
Maybe this time we can bring them home?  Plz?
I think they should green light Almora
Honest, I'm worried about Chapman pitching two. It hasn't worked out the past...
I don't like it either. Put Strop in the eighth and Chapman in the ninth. The...
His problems have only been when he comes in with runners on.
That's totally true. We'll see how it goes.
Lmao Joe's facial expression
Woah Joe that scared me 
Nice AAJr
There are only so many bobbles we can expect. Still I was on TeamBobble.
NICE BUNT
Alright, let's bring em home!
Fowler, my man
Nice to have top of the order up with runners on for a change.
Fundamental baseball.  By the Cubs.  I am almost 50.  I have seen enough, Lor...
This game was long even before P. Baez came in, now it'll never end
Are we doing the 2 inning save again?
I just realized it's the top of the eighth...smh these games take forever
That....that works.
fuck you gonzalez
HAHAHAHAHA FUCK YOU GONZALEZ!
DEX IS SEX
Well that fucking works
Suck it Adrian!
Woo Hoo! I'll take it!

C'mon, KB!!!
#INFIELDSINGLES4DAYZ
I'm sorry, these Dodgers are a joke. Fucking beat these guys 
#OH MY GOD THE HUSTLE OF THIS TEAM GETS ME SO FUCKING ERECT
Gonzo fucked up again! Wooooo! 4-1!
Hahahahahaha Gonzalez
Hahaha
Lmao Gonzalez  
Wow, what was that?
Chicago Hustles
don't mind me. I'm just drunkenly cheering on the Cubs right here on my couch...
My dog attacks the cats when I get excited about the game.  Safe to assume th...
I'm tucking my pants into my sox tomorrow. Dex knows.
Larry King is missing! 
His shambling corpse is dust in the wind
It's 8:30... bedtime
HUGE insurance run
Me want more
Seriously though

# RESPECT 90
he looked like he completely forgot there was a runner heading to first. 
Strop? No Rondon tonight?
Have they used him back to back since he came off the DL? 
Good question, I can't recall. I want to say no. Could be they want to save h...
Thanks for talking about why Baez didn't sprint over.  I had just texted my d...
KB dong?

KB dong.
HA
WELL WELL WELL, BRYANT IS SAFE AS WELL?! DAMN!
Bahaha
Cubs' chance of winning this one has now surpassed Hillary's chances of beati...
Holy cow. Safe!!
Oh my god this is awesome
**MORE MORE MORE**
This is what I'm talking about 
ANOTHER ONE
Lol this is so sweet. Love it!!!!
#infieldsingle
INFIELD SINGLES FOR DAYS
Hustle baby! Thia is what we needed! Finally stringing singles together.  
Fuck yeah!
#FUCK YES
This is just heaven.
S A F E
infield hits for all!
#WHEN IT RAINS IT POURS!
I'm starting to enjoy Gonzalez messing up as much as I enjoy Murphy messing up
What a pussy ass throw by Turner lol
Killing 'em softly 
Fuck ya 
Defense is important
Who said the Cubs cant play small ball?
small ballin now we're, small ballin'
[I feel like these rats from Futurama right now](https://www.youtube.com/watc...
FUCK THE CLOSER!!!!!!!!!!
How many times can they challenge?
They start with two challenges, but if the challenge is successful, they get ...
I believe each manager starts the game with one. If they challenge and get it...
If you win, you keep it I believe 
2 in the postseason
Guys, please. I can only be so erect
safeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Why not challenge this if you're the Dodgers, might even get lucky. But that ...
/u/cragcrag is the only person who will understand "safe as houses"
Man the hustle on this team makes me feel funny things ;)
Challenging just to give the pen time to warm up.
Definitely safe by the side angle there, ball didn't hit the back before his ...
SAFE! 
Good lord, fuck replay.
995!!
gonzalez looking lackluster as fuck
[Killing them softly...](https://youtu.be/69VrOmd7qNc) 
One more until my 6 oz of Malört is gone! 

\#ShotsForRuns
What happened to the stats??
It goes wonkey during a review.
They go away during challenges
bot peed hisself?
😟 they're gone. 
Yeah he's safe. 
It's eerily quiet there right now 😄😄😄
Is it bad that just a little bit of me wants a double play, just to not have ...
Yes, horrible.
Yea I would like more runs.
A few more Rizzo.
I hate Pedro Baez so damn much
haha running clock there
Gotta love seeing the empty seats so early.
I hate Baez' slow ass with a passion
Kershaw. Kershaw? Kershaw! Kershaaawww
Need a .gif of Dexy shaking his head!
Lmao I love Joe, doesn't even ask their video people
Safe by a foot
C'mon Zo. Just one more. 
Even the Dodgers other players are being lulled to sleep...
Baez baez
Tom Ricketts Zodiac killin' the competition
Pitching changed. Baez up. Bases loaded. Dodgers probably aren't breathing no...
#JAVIER JAVIER JAVIER JAVIER
How is it still the top of the 8th?
#BAEZ!!! THE GOOD ONE!!!
Javy does it again!! What a fucking stud
BAEZ MY BODY IS READY!!!
WOW
YES!
Great. 
#BAEZ I LOVE YOU!
JAVY!!!!!
Oh god no. No. No. No. No. No.
NOOO BAEZ!
NO JAVY
Yes but NONONONONONO.
be ok Javy
#R
Good job, Cubs fam!!
FUCK DON'T BE HURT!!!!
NOOOO. Dont you take my Baez!
#I FUCKING LOVE BASEBALL
Thx Baez
No javy no! 
Oh fuck no...
Oh no... 
Javy please be ok. This is when I hate listening to the radio because Pat say...
Baez be okay pls
oh lord please be ok
FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCK
Stay alive Baez!
SHIT
damn it he is hurt..
BAEZ I LOVE YOU PLEASE DON'T BE HURT
Plz be ok Javy
Shit
Oh dear ...
Javy pls. pls. pls. pls.
Baez better not be hurt oh my baby jesus
Nooooooo!!!!
Go Cubs fuck the Dodgers and especially Judas Gonzales
#NOT JAVY
nonononononononnononononononononno
Oh plz no
No. No. No. 
JAVY JAVY CAN'T YOU SEE
Okay... maybe he just rolled it. He is still playing which is absolutely beau...
Oh fuck. Please be alright.
GOD FUCK FUCK FUCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
Just a cramp...
Staying in the game, so that's good. 
plsplsplsplsplsplsplspls be okay
He's still out there he must be alright
Well the look on Javy's face makes me think he's fine.
No worry guys.

I've been working out my quads for months for this moment.  H...
HAVE YOURSELF A FUCKING GAME JAVY BAEZ
Good lord Jason
AHHHHHH BAEZ YOU FUCKING BEAST!!
fuck fuck fuck

well the fans are pouring out
Heyward. boi. 
Wow I was freaking out. Stay healthy javy 
Javy is invincible
Whew....

Also...

FUCK THE CLOSER
When we rally, we *rally*
Okay, if he tore something he would have gone down, looks like it won't be to...
He good.
Jhey, you gotta do something with a bat. 
Of course Heyward ends the inning. 
Wow didn't see that Heyward AB coming...
Of course, Heyward ends the half
Time to employ the STROP-A-DOPE strategy
Let's get a stat for how often Jeyward ends innings.
OMG IT'S HAPPENING
This team is so good.
#FUCK THE CLOSER
I OFFER AS TRIBUTE FOR JAVY'S NEW LEG IF INJURED (His injured leg is probably...
Javy can't be hurt too bad, because with that lead, you could easily pull him...
ghost bed just sounds weird
Holy hell, look how empty that stadium is.
We have the Fuck You Lineup, but that....that is a Fuck You Defense.
celebrated so hard on the Javy double I dislodged a couple of my dorms ceilin...
And you turned into a pirate. 
Worth it.
Fuck Toles
J hey needs to upgrade Javy to a sweet for all road games next year.
Where's the gif of the unimpressed spelling bee winner
Wood please 
Really?
Strop.  STAHP.
Andrew Toles, the man who started this season in Single A after having worked...
Ok stropy settle down.
 Breathe Strop.  You got this.
Okay Pedro, settle the fuck down.
It's really hard to fuck up just having long hair, but Turner makes it look e...
God dammit, those injuries have fucking completely derailed Strop and Rondon.
I start playing Smash with my brothers and this happens. I know what I'll be ...
put wood in, I don't have the patience for these mental midgets to work out t...
Weird way to start the inning
Okay Turner...go to your base you fucking clown.
Short leash for Strop please..
Calm down Pedro
Jesus fuck Strop.
Strop settle down man!
WTF Stropey
damn strop, just chill man
come on strop!!! 
Settle down now, Strop
Look at the seats. Look at the "fans". Aren't you glad we aren't those "fans"?! 
Isn't there league dress code? Button up your damn jersey.
Remember when Chapman was going to pitch both innings?
Come on dude...
Oof, Strop not happy with himself. Take a second bud and regroup, also I hope...
Is Rondon unavailable today?
Not Chapman!  Stop it!
Beautiful Addi
Very mature to let that roll on by Strop. Nice work. 
Hell yeah double play! 
Thank you Strop for not trying to field that!
fuck it, I rescind request to pull Strop.
I'm eating crow too right now haha
That was the sexiest DP I've seen in a long time
That works
THE CUBBIES KNOW THEIR WAY AROUND A DP SCENE!
I think thats the first double play i seen all series
#DP
Attaboy Pedro, Russel. Good job guys. Lets get outta here and take it home. 
Double play. DP DP DP DP
It's just one. It's all good
Woof, still that coulda been worse.
Well good thing we got the DP before that...
Jesus what has been up with Strop and Rondon?
Strop has always been Marmol 2.0, he either has it, or he doesn't, and there ...
If Rondon had a tail, it would be between his legs at all times
Haha I was literally just thinking that about Strop. I think Rondon's been a ...
Strop come on
Ok.
chappy time yeeeeeeeeep
Atta boy
Is Edwards available?
They said he would be but just not worth it. Give him the extra rest. 
Let him rest that hammy.
He got injured. It's not close. Zero chance he comes in its not worth it. 
#H
INB4 10 BABIP comments 
Does Kershaw do that to his dog too?
LET'S GO CUBBIES!!! haha man I'd be pissed if I was a Dodger fan still at the...
You can tell Joe Buck got hot and sweaty watching Kershaw in a bro tank
Darn, oh well it's Chappie time!
How come no fawning clips of Hendricks?
I have no fucking clue how much more Buck could possibly be beating the Dodge...
It'll be about how the rest of the defense let him down or lack of run suppor...
Talk about how great Kershaw is. 
Someone really needs to tell the man's wife to listen to these broadcasts. If...
Are they bringing in Chapman with the day off tomorrow?
FUCK VEGAS: the line is already out and the Dodgers are favored to win game 6 
Can't blame vegas for being hot on Kershaw. The Vegas lines know nothing thou...
Vegas will favor Kershaw vs anyone. Not a hard call.
Well duh.  That's why this game is so huge. 
Famous outro
Does anyone know the meaning behind our on base tradition? where everyone hit...
Sign language for "ketchup"

Because, uh, just because.
haha is there any significance to it?
I honestly don't know if that was intentional, it just happens to be the same...
I bet they are regretting that yellow seat color that CLEARLY SHOWS when some...
96...?
Choppy why u throw so slow??
96?  From Chapman?!  DFA his ass what is this scrub doing
96? 98? Who the fuck is that, it's not Chapman.
I'm so glad we didn't have to try the 2 inning Chapman save.
Chapman threw something 85 mph
Can anyone hook me up with a replay of that Baez barehand grab and throwout o...
Is FS1's radar gun broken?
damn chappy...
I feel like Chapman is just testing his offspeed stuff lmao
Alright stop fucking around Chapman
Not a time to fuck around.
Chapman gives no fucks
Quit fuckin around Chapman
Chapman just isn't the same if it's not a save situation.
I know this might sound crazy, but I'd very someone else in there asap. Chapm...
And they were thinking a 2 inning save originally...
Chapman looking super mortal as of late.
Please just fucking end this
Joe Madden reminding chappy this is the NLCS and not a good time for a curve ...
A 6 run lead is a fine time to try to work out some kinks. Not like they are ...
In the NLCS I disagree. Also we need the huge win. I want the Dodgers walking...
I guess Chapman decided it's game time now 
AGon dumb mistake
Thanks Adrian. Dumbass.
# BAH GOD IT'S TRIPLE H
lol - he's done playing. 100 & 101 after the hit.
Fuckin Triple H again. 
#2 More
My fucking God 
Aroldis, what are you doing?!?!?!  END THIS!
C'mon. DP and get this over with.
Hmm. Interesting.
Can you not chapman? can you do your job?
Why am I so uncomfortable
Finish this one
MLBtv crapping out on me at the worst time. WHAT IS HAPPENING??
Chapman making things interesting.
Chapman is acting like he doesn't care. Trading runs for outs. 
http://hehestreams.xyz/mlb/games/cb48dee347e93d70
Gave up a hit to Turner.  Still up by 5
Ok, maybe that flips the closer switch in his head
Was Andrew Miller just too expensive?
Yes, he has control while chapman can walk this offseason
Yes very
blow it by this short fuck.
If Chapman could give a fuck that would be cool
Okay this shit can end
Glad we got those extra runs earlier.
Cmon dude. 
#CHAPMAN STOP
If I had a nickel for every Jason Heyward popup, i'd have 184 million dollars
That was a strike to Javy
Srsly. 
lol gtfo 
"...looked outside to Baez..."

Fuck you Buck, that was outside to anyone wit...
Should have been Willson. 
Corey Seager uses conditioner in his hair
and? 
Ah bloody hell, is it going to be one of those games?
[deleted]
Yea if we were headhunters I guess, cept we aint
/r/cardinals is that way ---->
Prefer we just strike that dude out next time.
If they don't come up with a plan this half inning, Lesters in for a rough ni...
Best interview yet. 
I usually listen to Ron and Pat, and can't stand Joe Buck hardly at all, but ...
This interview is painful.
Looks like Javy wants to create Baezzo. 
Bryaezzo. I'll take it.
I love that from Javy, shows they're loose. 
I always stand up for umps, but this guy is bad. He's bad both ways, not favo...
We're wasting too many opportunities. this won't be a 1-0 game 
Letting them hang around...
Alright if they call that out I think the MLB is helping us 
Being a realist, why wouldn't they. Of course they want us in the World Series
LA is just as large a market. If it were against like Arizona then yeah. 
They would simply make more money with a Cubs world series. Cubs tickets sell...
Bryant slow to tag. These kids need to apply that tag **hard**  
Joe Buck sounded so happy to see that he was safe.
I mean, did we really believe we were going to win this 1-0?
The dodgers did it.
Eh, happened game 1. Maybe didn't expect it but I wasn't going to be shocked
They beat us 1-0 in game 2.  Sometimes that's how you have to win.  :: shrugs ::
Can the best team in baseball capitalize on a double towards the top of the o...
holy fuck I hate stranded runners
Stop fucking wasting runners on second damnit!
Of course. 3-0 turns into an out. 
Crazy BABIP luck is back 
BABIP strikes again.
If the Cubs win the Series AND Trump loses it will be the worst year ever for...
Dude, if I wasn't a broke college student I'd give you gold, but that is the ...
Stay in school kid
Bullpen time. Keep it clean. Nothing fancy. LET'S GO!!!
I'd love one more inning out of Lester 
[Lester](https://i.imgur.com/RDU8gSN.gifv)
I am equal parts confused and aroused. 
...okay, yeah sure
https://media.giphy.com/media/3cB7aOM6347PW/giphy.gif
When did Heyward become pop outward and not ground outward? 
Heyward shitpost bandwagon. All aboard! You forget he's thrown out runners co...
[deleted]
Scoreless?
It's 3-1?
did i say i didn't think this game would be over by midnight eastern with Ped...
\**#Thank Mr. Baez**
Doot
dootWAR
MY FUCKING SIDES THIS KEK IS SO STRONG.


EDIT. FUCKING SHIT.
It could be their last home game (hopefully for us it is) and so many empty s...
Wtf this team just end it
We're leaving runs on the table.

I don't have a great feeling about this.
Scared now. Damn it feels like the Cubs should be up by 3 
We should be. Russell reverted. 
oh my god he sucks so much
Fuck you Heyward
Wow. I knew when we failed to score on that lead-off double was going to bite...
I love the guy with the W flag behind home plate.
I would love it much more if he waited until the end of the game to get it out 
[Pregame hype](https://youtu.be/UPOYBJMNXmA)
I'm loving these Hamilton hype vids. 
I had not seen this... Thank you. 
ANXIETY FEAR AND DOUBT

Edit: to be clear, these words were just dramatically...
And six other dwarves to round out the Dodgers lineup
JOY 
Good AB by Heyward... gonna get to the bullpen by the 4th
God damn a lob to second would get Kike.
The Dodgers are playing this perfectly and I'm staggered no team has taken th...
Yeah I think Buck is completely wrong that it's not affecting Lester. It is. ...
What are these guys waiting for
Yeah, fuck you Jocstrap.
Hey lets remind the poor guy he's not on the roster. Great way to start off t...
Fuck yeah!!
Jesus Addi, you fell for that pitch every time.
#~~Fuck~~ Use The DH
#FUCK THE DH
Bryant needs to let the ball get deeper there, it's why Baez is effective. Wa...
Are you fucking kidding. Joe misplayed the fuck out of that last inning. Jesu...
What did Joe misplay?
lol seriously? Why do we have to make things difficult?
Is this your first baseball game?
Because I'm annoyed that we can't take a routine out at home, and we have a p...
The lead he had at third, I'm not sure he would have been out even if Anthony...
He would have been clearly out if that was fielded cleanly, and how did he st...
Uh....Ross has a great throw that KB didn't tag in time....last I checked, Ro...
>Is this your first cubs game?

FTFY
First Cubs game for sure
Top of the order coming up. Kris and Rizzo better make up for their mistakes
Fuck you Buck. Fuck you.
Man joe fuck doesn't like us lol. 
#SCORE SOME FUCKING RUNS GODDAMMIT 
No pressure at all. Winner of game 5 when a series is tied at 2-2 only wins t...
Ugh why aren't we pinch hitting for Heyward 
Didn't pay $184 million for limp dick swinging 
Thank you NOT Jason Heyward for driving in some runs.
#FUCK YES RUSSELL I TAKE BACK MY NEGATIVITY COMMENTS
Second error on Riz today. Come on man.
Joe buck basically begging the dodgers to fuck with Lester. What an ass.
Good god heyward 
Heyward better be sitting on the pine come game 6. Get Almora in there.
This isn't funny anymore, Joe. I'm starting to get kinda mad about it. 
Please do us a favor and opt-out, Jason. 
How did you even call that safe to begin with?
The ump was blinded by the radiance of Javy's skill.
Lester or Baez series MVP?
Baez just because he's been a big factor in every game. Tough call though
yes
[INSANE, MIND BLOWING](http://i.imgur.com/yuJf3Vf.png)
Not seeing enough to overturn anything.
BYE BYE BIG BAEZ
Load 'em up for Mr. October.  
I love the eight inning. My fav. 
Tom Ricketts could be Hendricks' father. maybe
1 order of salami please. 
Tilt that hat a little more Strop...stop fucking up.
[deleted]
Dude.  Egg roll?

come on
That was a strike to Javy.
Big pharma pushing hard for no on 61
Fuck them with an extremely spikey cactus.
I think big pharma is hard FOR 61
Care to share what 61 is? 
https://ballotpedia.org/California_Proposition_61,_Drug_Price_Standards_(2016)
Literally anyone with sense is pushing back on Prop 61
Where do you guys stand on Prop 61?
Who cares? Does anyone really have an issue getting weed?


I do feel like th...
The weed issue is prop 64.
Lol wow my bad
My gut says...maybe.
in case youre curious

A "yes" vote supports regulating drug prices by requir...
That Russell at bat was rally killer. He handed that K over on a platter. Pit...
#SERIOUSLY RIZZO WHAT THE FUCK DUDE
Black hole coming to the plate. 
Heyward can go fuck himself
Maeda be like... 

https://img.ifcdn.com/images/1d62439bf2dc237bc673374c8acc4...
Well Hoyer has targeted Jeffrey 8 times in the 1st half, so obviously fox got...
Hoyer is trash and the only reason he's out there is they're trying to tank.
Then he died like Kyle.
Wrong Chicago team?
There's probably decent amount of Bears fans in here. 
Bench. Heyward.
Calm. Down.
i do not understand why this guy hasn't been sent down to iowa... his defense...
nah, his defense isn't just good.  It's best RF in basball levels of good.  S...
Not now. We're up 7 runs late in the game and his defense is too good to not ...
Really hoping he finds his swing this off season :/ doesn't even have to be a...
I like his defense though.
need. this. win.
Anyone get a look at Pete Rose's boot game tonight? 
The real question is if Mary Hart is back.
The first time he sang it I was a little unimpressed by the way it started, b...
So I'm in Vegas at a conference. I still have 1 or 2 hours for drinks so I'm ...
My anus is ready for some Cubs
I feel so much more relaxed going into this one than I did last night
Oh yeah, there's a football game on tonight...
My mom didn't get home until the second inning yesterday, so me being a littl...
^^^^I ^^^^love ^^^^you ^^^^Steve....U2Vinn
I'm feeling good about Carlos Ruiz and Howie Kendrick possibly getting more a...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jo505ZyaCbA I BELIEVE IN LESTERDAY
Dan Fields seems like he's trying *not* to sell the car.
Great, now they have Vin magic on their side.
Ballllllls.
Gotta love Vin
I have the Bears on the TV ( I know, I know) and the Cubbies on the phone. Le...
I'm doing the reverse, but substitute phone with tablet
Nice, nice
LEGGO CUBBIES
Kaeda looks like beans and Martin Shkreli in one. 
Fox sports 1: where we only talk about the dodgers and don't have any excitem...
game time ladies and gents!!!! SEXY DEX STRIKES FIRST
Well id like to watch you eat a pile of shit, Joe Buck
Dex!!!

Good start.
I SAY YOU GO YOU SAY WE GO. YOU GO!
WE GO!
That's how I like to start!
DEXY! 
Already!
LET'S GO. GOOD START
Nice start Dex!


So sexy
#Yes! That's a good start, Dex.
Good job fowler!
I don't think I've ever been so happy for a base hit in the first inning
Great start! Setting the tone Dex!
#ATTA BOY
Sexy Dexy
Go Cubs go! A win tonight would be great!
Oh man, this ump isn't gonna give anything is he
Work them counts boys. 
Maeda already shaky.  My pants are getting tight...
Close
fuck that ball carried
Wow he hit that a mile high
I have to be at work at 6am tomorrow so someone drink an Old Style for me.  
I've got some gumball head. Will that work?
Go for it!
[Just for you](https://imgur.com/gallery/oYIaz)
I will if this half inning ever ends!
A 2 run HR in the first from Mr. Sparkles would have been the ideal start. Pr...
Rizzo HR plz
Ooh Larry's got the signature suspenders on!
RIZZZZ
Ha!
He's backkkk fantastic start!!!
Jesus be careful with those Ks
#YOU GO WE GO
Fuck yes Rizzo!!!!
#GOOD NEWS EVERYONE!
Szczur's bat 
#<3 RIZZ
Rizzo broke the Szczur bat last night in his last AB... but apparently all th...
ATTA BOY RIZZO
RIZZO IS BACK BITCHES.
Does anyone know why Rizzo start using Szczur's bat?? I love it no matter wha...
he's used his bat in the past. it's basically the same bat just slightly diff...
+ADD IT ON!!!!!!!+
I LOVE THIS TEAM AND I LOVE BEISBOL!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xR-EU_l_pKA&list=RDxR-EU_l_pKA#t=6
HE'S BACK BABY
FUCK YES! ANTHONY IS BACK FOR GAME 5 TOO!
All hail Szczur Rizzo!
Hell yeah!!!
Something changed in that 4th inning yeaterday with this team. They are feeli...
#BASED SZCZUR'S BAT 
Szczur for NLCS MVP
HAIL SCZCZCZRR...???
Dont you ever let go of that bat Rizzo
Yeah! Let's come home 3-2 bay bay!
Yea!
LETS GO CUBBIES AND HOKIES!!!

I'M ROCK HARD
Rizzo and the magical bat! Yeah buddy!!
This is how you start a motherfucking ball game!
#RIZZO!
I bet they take maeda out in the 2nd 
Why are Rizzo's hands always blue?
Finger gunz for the win!!!
ALL HAIL THE SZCZUR BAT
off to a good start baby
Wow run in the first!  Starting off right!
He's one bad motha.
YOU ZO WE ZO!
Sczur: "Take my penis"
#SzczurDaRealMVP
Yeah fuck you too Joe.
So do we keep Chapman or Fowler?
Yes 
Both.  But if we have to pick just one I say keep fowler and sign Melancon.
Fuck yeah Rizzo open the floodgates.
Maeda scurred...
Good eye zobrist
Brilliant so far. Keep it up boys!
JAVY TIME! 
Leggo Javy
This is how we start a ballgame, give our starter some breathing room, and ju...
rizzo gonna steal 3rd
Maeda not even looking at him. 
Alright Javy, let's turn this into a crooked number!
So everybody gets on base, except Bryant? I'll take your sacrifice Kris
Glad to see Larry King is still alive 
But not his friend Mary Hart.  I hope she is okay. Yesterday must have been s...
I don't know what happen or what was said after that Tuesday night game, but ...
Did they have to show that LCS stat?
I didn't eat dinner till like the 4th inning yesterday. I am starving but I a...
good lord that had to be like 9pm central
C'mon keep it goin Javy, let's get Lester a big lead to work with!
Proctoring an exam so I can't watch, but I'm updating the students with the s...
why not Russell over Heyward? Russell was doing p well last night
What?
Ugh way outside
Man would I love to hear Vin call this game.
Oh boy ump you need some glasses?
I get that was borderline but he called that a ball like 10 pitches ago
He actually called a much closer pitch a ball.
that was like 3 inches off the plate
Gotta protect with 2 strikes. 
Holy hell we got robbed
Holy Christ!

fucking ump
Not even close.
Utter refuse
Hurts
What a terrible call
"Strike" my ass
Let's go Jason.
Lemme guess... high fastballs to Heyward?
Close enough to swing to protect the plate, but it was not a strike.
awwww man that sucks for heyward
FUCK
Damn that was good awareness
Lester ready to throw some iron 
Good start to already be up! Maybe all we need was my exciting NASA socks?
Wasn't keeping up with the GDT yesterday, what was the consensus on Gonzalez ...
Dodgers: "that 1 run gave the Cubs momentum to score 10. Series is rigged."

...
As much as I wanted more than 1 run out of that inning it was a hell of a lot...
Do even have to throw anything but fastballs down the middle to heyward? 
PIP with Cubs-Dodgers in main window and Bears-Packers in the little one.
HEEEEEEERE'S JONNY!
They're gonna keep showing bunt, throw one inside.
Come on Jon!
Just making it interesting
How do we pronounce this guys first name?
kee kay
Not the way that could get you punched in the face.
What's with the walk jon?
Times like these are where I just want to go up and yell at lester to throw s...
Is this really gonna be the gameplan? Show bunt every time? Wtf.
Won a $100 dollar with my buddy on game 4 so your boy is dining on lobster ta...
Is this where we lure them into a trap, and Jon is suddenly sensational at fi...
WTF John?
Watching Heyward last year vs. this year it seems like he has added a hitch i...
OH BOY BOYS HERE COME THE SCARIES 
Well that was shit
Grandpa will make him pay
You have to throw over. 
Quote that playboy article Lester!
Got em
Wipe that dirt off your chin, Seager.
But you're not gonna get to Lester.
DP here
How the fuck is he not throwing over? It wouldn't even have to be a good move
Kiki has an oven mitt on
What's with the oven mit?
this ump is awful
Hernandez is one of those old-school "you threw a ball sometime in the first ...
Hernandez isn't behind the plate.
He's in the crew. That's enough.
Anyone with a face like Seager's would be distracting.
No chance Seager comes out of this game Buck...
Just throw your pitches Jon baserunners aren't your responsibility that's how...
Let's roll over 2
Lester pls 
Wait what am I supposed to keep an eye on, joe? I didn't see anything weird 
looks like he hurt himself
The wince. 
Had he limped a little I would have been a little more interested, but a grim...
It looked like he kinda grabbed himself too. 
Ah-I missed that 
Was that Drew Carry?
Got out of it. Fucking hell please don't let every inning be this stressful.
Lester looks pissed
Not a good inning... but the end is acceptable. 
Huge out right there for Lester. Sets the tone for the whole game 
Lester with his non pick off ability, is it all mental or is it actually phys...
Mental
mental
Thank god that was a nerve wracking inning
Whew
Howie Kenderp...
Seems like we've got the pep in our step back. Let's get some more runs this ...
you think lester could pick off runners if he was able to balk?
Kike is the type of guy to play in traffic
Alright Maeda get your ass ready
Tight strike zone benefits us today I'm cool with it
C'mon Addy! 
this team is addicted to working the count. I love it
Larry loves his ice cream. 
Grandpa swingin' for the fences.
GOOD EYE OLD MAN
Ok Rossy, time to dance!
Damn.  Missed another meatball.
Lol did he really want the strike there? 
Are these camera men retarded?
That's definitely Larry King. Purple suspenders. 
#BB
Time for a little Lester Devil Magic at the plate
OH NOW IT'S A BALL
Maeda kinda looks like spock 
Great at bat Rossy
I want Rossy to start dougying on 1st. 
Larry King looks like a dead person
Lets go Dexy
Why did I think Lasorda had died years ago? Wasn't he really sick at one point?
Yes recently. Good to see him there
Definitely. 
You were thinking of Tony LaRussa who has no soul and is dead inside.
Fuck
#VIRGIN I SEE
I told you to put that mirror away
Need Jeremy Burnitz and Todd Hollandsworth in this lineup
Someone tell me how Jonny got out of that first inning I was too scared to wa...
Fly out advanced the runner and then a routine grounder to third. 
Grounder to KB
Got 'em!
#CIRCUMSTANCES
#K
E z
The results are still good but I don't think Lester is doing everything right...
So nonchalant about it
hahahahahahahah
Siddown Joc.
Kek 
What a goofy ass sequence. Lester gonna go with the two handed bounce pass ne...
Lester with some real shit right there.
My phone vibrated right after Lester threw that ball and I was sure it was a ...
Keep bunting Dodgers, I like your strategy.
Lester's getting a star in my scorebook for that one. 
That's right Lester, show them they can't fuck with a World Seris champion. 
...
Unlikely. They need to save their bullpen a little bit 
That's been their weakness for us, the bullpen.
Yeah, I kinda feel we'd be better off with Maeda gooing into the later inning...
Bryant aggressive as fuck
If i were sczur I would tell him to shut the fuck up
Rizz Donger coming up
Don't mind the first pitch hack there in this case
Damn it Zo, that was well out of the strike zone.

Since the first inning, we...
Remember madea is dog shit third time through, let's see if he makes it that ...
Too many strikeouts. Not enough run support. 
Lester it's all about fielding these fuckers.
What a play
What a play. 
This is only helping the weak contact foundation
Showing again he ain't scured.
Damn that was beautiful.
Lestershpuld just swat all ground balls to his middle infielders
man...there's been a lot of balls bouncing off pitchers gloves.   
Lester's b...
Designed play.
No bullshit walks to kiki now
We almost got to see Lester throw to first again!
he tossed it back to javy lmfao
Rizzo and baez with a beltre/andrus moment
That cowboy clown in the stands will never ever get laid.
Off the dick...
Is Turner fast?
No
He doesn't look fast. All that hair is not aerodynamic.  
That ball cheated Addison usually gets those! 
I can't believe seager only has 5 hits this series 
hmm. ain't nobody Baez like Baez. 
russell has not been very rangy this post season
Anyone get that baez interaction in gif form yet?
It's not the 1st inning, no hits for Seagar 
Well In the first they were in Lesters head. They are not even near the air a...
down and away, down and away and down and away. let's goooo
Tee-hee. Addi just shouted a bad word.
dammit
lol smoltz still not happy even after they steal
Shit
You got lucky propecia
Where the fuck is that!?!
wowwwww

Ross didnt have a chance? Ross always has a chance
damn strikezone
Where the fuck was that 
Papa Ross won't be doing any weiner boops anytime soon.
Gotta ring him up there, that's a strike
.....
WHAT THE FUCK
Ok that was a strike.
Fuck that
Wooooooowwwwwwww
fuck all umpires
RIDIC 
Are you kidding me with this ump?
This ump is a piece of shit 
Strike 4!
Fuck this ump
Throw a shit pitch to see if he swings. Don't let him hit
Shhhhhhhh Dodgers
Big time!!
Inning ovahhhhh!
Bingo
###LET'S GET SOME RUNS!!!!!!
Let's get some runs
LET'S GO! RUN IT UP!
Anyone else having issues when clicking "Show parent" when someone replies to...
Maeda will NOT make it out of the 4th
Maeda will NOT make it out of the 4th
Javi!!!
FROZEN rope!
JAVY
Damn, thought that was out of the park. 
Baez!!!!!
JAVY DOUBLING FOR THE FENCES
Maybe Heyward can lay down a bunt. 
Love you Javy!!!!
Jesus that was a lucky dodger bounce 
Heyward pls
Nooooo I love seeing Javy hit lasers and of course my Directv shut down just ...
Heyward was all over that
Heyward is due. Rip one buddy. 
god damnit jason has got to keep that fair
Mom's calling triple?!?
Ump gave us that one
Get him over J-Hey. C'mon.
Shit what a changeup. Nasty nasty pitch. 
WE NEED YOU HEYWARD!!!!!1
ADDY TIIIIIIIME!
Only way he can get on lately.
Taking one for the team
#O SHIT
#CHEEKY
dat ass
Look at dat booty quake.
Come on Addy, make him pay!
Damn right on the ass
Oh thank you, right on the fat booty too!
BUNT!
Alright Addi. Let's fucking go.
Hey hit! Now bring on the ribbies, Russ! 
Right off the butt cheek.
Prepare your dongs for the Russell ding
Don't hurt Baeward plz.
Need more runs please
Stick a fork in Maeda
They hit him in the ass
Madea Goes to the Dugout
Heller
That will work heyward!
addy magic please
At least he got hit in the butt, lot of padding
LETS GO ADDI PUT A GOOD SWING ON IT HERE 
Wonder how much longer Maeda has in his leash. 
Let's. Make. Them. Bleed.
Maeda doing more than Lester with runners there. 
If you're gonna get hit, get hit in the butt
Was that the Aurora in the sky out in left? Or just the sun going down?
It was a gaynbow from San Fran.
Larry King going home :')
Sun. 
There is no Aurora in southern California. The sun just set here.
Whatcha gonna do with that big fat butt?
Man, Addie just not seeing that Slider well
Lol I have no idea if that's supposed to be a ball or a strike there. 
ADDI DONG RIGHT HERE LET'S GO
That slider/change he has is really nasty
Ugh damnit Addi
Joe pulls Lester early, chaos ensues lol. 
Lester and Lackey would form a lynch mob to kill Maddon 
I have faith
Bad AB from Addy there.
Gotta see those coming, he's seen nothing but sliders 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIWd3T1xjec
C'mon G'Pa Rossy!!
Calling a bases loaded two strike squeeze with Lester.
Looks like Hoyer is out for the game and Kyle Long is currently injured as we...
Nice Ross to stay on that slider. 
i dont think you send the runners?
Come on guys
Just get on base.
Damn it
Should have laid off of that
Holy shit 
Maeda gone. Here comes their pen.
Wait what 
I'm so confused.
I'm not uninterested in this. Huh.
They sense a dong incoming...
Didn't we tee off on Fields?
Not going to let him get through the pitcher at least?  Kind of surprised .
Going to their bullpen very early. Only one that really concerns me a lot is ...
Interesting move 
Lester gonna help himself. 
bait?
GOTTA THROW STRIKES TO GET HIM TO STRIKE OUT
Damn same spot
I need a Lester homerun.
Damn son
Sigh.
Lester driving it pretty deep again.
fuck
Lester great contact on both AB
Dang. If that was pulled down the line it would have been outta here.
Shit. Hope these missed opportunities don't come back to bite them.
We gotta do something with that
We've been missing those plays a lot more than usual lately.
^SHUT ^IT ^DOWN
[Friendly reminder to not be a Stillwell](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_K...
LET'S GO LESTER STRIKE THESE ASSHOLES OUT
Gonzalez scares the hell out of me 
Out
HAHAH fuck you, Dodgers!
Aw shit he's safe.
Grandpa says FUCK YEAH.  
damn hes safe
Oh good another replay. What could go wrong 
Oh.  Another replay.  Yaaaaay.
fuck he's safe.
[deleted]
Ah, fucking hell.
LA just keeps getting lucky.
Instant replay going to stick us 
Fuck! 
That's gonna be safe
#FUCK YEAH  
*  Grandpa Ross, 2016
Ah shit he's there
Fuck my fuckingg life
Fuck. He was way safe
Fuck he's safe
Dammit, he's safe.
fuckkk
nopenopenope. He got you.   
edit: ah fuck no he didn't 
Really safe lol
Safe tho. Tits.
Blah, not so bueno.
Will this make Smoltz quit begging them to steal on Lester?
Fuck
He's safe. Fuck.
Maybe they will bone the dodgers again for us.
Damn it that's safe.

Kris dragged his glove on the ground for too long.
fuck guys
Damn it.
Sadly safe
Safe. Damn.
fuck
Man Ross has a cannon
Damn. Good throw, better slide.
Fucking replay
Do NOT give him shit to hit.
That would have made a big difference.
Great throw, just too big a jump.
https://twitter.com/darenw/status/789282891427708928
[**@darenw**](https://twitter.com/darenw/)

> [2016-10-21 01:51 UTC](https:...
SO FUCKIN CLENCHED
Oh, so that's a bad pitch, huh announcers?
Strikeout would be big
Damn. It.
# Fuck Me
Fucking damn it 
fucking shit
well shit
God damnit
At least it's only tied
Ah fuuuuuuuuuuuck. Solid crack by A-Gon, but damn that drop by Rizzo is a hea...
Dang.
god dammit
Damn it Riz.
Damn, we need to answer big.
Unfucking believable 
Would have been a tough play be Rizzo, his body was turn the other way
I mean it looked like he was running anyway...
Don't know if we could have the out au home anyway. 
Let's go Jon.
Cmon man. Gotta field those cleanly. 
THIS IS WHY WE NEED MORE RUNS. COME ON BATS 
I hope Lester isn't on tilt
Let's go boys.  Top of the order.
i want thst historical defense back :(
Behind every damn hitter 
Let's go boys!
Top of the order is about to murk this bullpen tho
Nice Lester. I do that too tho 
The ol snot rocket 
Please go so that we can go.
in other words, let's go
vamanos!
Ugh.
Atta boy KB
That was beautiful.
Ooft I thought for a second that was gone.  
I had a good feeling when Smoltz...
so close KB
NICE KB!
Kris "The Dong Machine" Bryant with the almost dong.

Love watching Joc lick butts
LETS GOOOOOO!!
We need to take advantage
KB is my spirit animal
Who is Grant Dayton?
When did fox change over to these hip, soulful videos coming back from commer...
Can Rizzo do it yet again? Let's see!
Cmon Rizz
Come on, I want some meatballs tonight!
Glove is up and in, pitch is away
I feel like the environment for a Dodgers playoff series is a lot different b...
C'mon Rizz m'boy!
Rizz don't kill my vibe
Wow 
god dammit 
#LETS GO!!!
Feeeeeeck.
Hate to see that.
Come on Z let's get a little 2 out rally going
Keep it goin' Benzo!
I, I feel alive

I feel like the air is rushing in
He's scared.  
[deleted]
You don't risk it when a hit scores him either way with 2 outs.
Yes, he is pretty fast
not a strike but what whatevs
FUCK
Fuck.
Damnit!
Fuckfuckfuck
F.U.C.K.
Fck
Fuck that
#*fuck*
Puig is our enemy.
Fuck me
These LOBs are brutal.  Just brutal.
Stranding runners is really fucking annoying 
Three doubles wasted :(
I screamed 
FUCK!!!!
Wow cool. Another wasted opportunity. The momentum is definitely with the Dod...
Can we play pin the tail on the ~~donkey~~ ump?
Anyone know where I can stream this thru Kodi?  I had a decent link with Turk...
Looks like somebody's going to need to poke out out for us to retake the lead
Everyone turn on syfy real quick for your bill murray fill. Confirmed cubs win.
The strike zone is fucking shit. If you're going to have an awful strike zone...
We need to put some pressure on these guys, stealing bases and laying down bu...
Really wish we would have saved some from yesterday
Still at work, they haven't lost while I'm at work so let's do this 
Yes hello, I would like one offense please! Buy one, get one free on clutch h...
Can we make Joc swing so hard his helmet falls off again? I chuckled when he ...
Please get a quick inning. I can't handle this.
Shit, is this the fifth inning? My earlier bold prediction was for the sixth ...
Atta boy Javy! 
JAVY!
We need to get out of this inning then we will be in business
We need to get out of this inning then we will be in business
NICE PLAY JAVY
Damn Baez
Local whiskey in one hand, Alpha King in the other. Let's fucking win this th...
Nice work Lester, keep it up.
Im suprised buck isnt constantly creaming his pants since the packers are on rn
Lester is grooving.  
Come the fuck on Blue
THAT WAS A STRIKE
That was a strike on Javy...
dear god this zone is giving me cancer
Does the ump just roll dice in his head on every pitch, and even means it's a...
no that means he at least has a system. i think he just blacks out for a spli...
Lester is doin it.
Need a Javy bomb here.
That's how it's done! come on bats finish the job this time.
#K
K
We gotta get some runs right now.
Anyone have Kvass before? I'm genuinely curious to know what it tastes like
sooooooo nasty Jon
Fighting through a shitty line up and a shitty ump, great work so far Jon
He dealin
Does anyone on here think they could get a hit off Lester in one at bat? 
I think I could get on-base... by taking one of his curves in the shin.
All right, let's go.
Lackey needs to start firing up the boys again
Can we please play some small ball here? 
LETS GO JAVY
Please bunt
Now let's please not waste this 
LEAD OFF HIT!
#ATTA BOY
Blanton.

Please Blanton.
Joe Blanton? Awe, thanks LA. You really shouldn't have. 
steal this base 
If we're gonna score please let it be off Blanton
I want Baez and Bryant back to back next game
Nooice! 
JAVY!!!
Cracked my third beer. Let's do something 
COME ON HEYWARD. YOU GET AN RBI AND I SHOTGUN A BEER. IT'S A WIN-WIN
There we go. You go, we go!
Ohh man.  They cut the camera angle just as he hit 4th gear and then suddenly...
Let's go boys.  
Heyward homer coming up!
Haha lead off hit. Lets not spoil it this time.
Javy on base again. Let's see if this 6-7-8 can do anything this time..
more blanton slides plz
Come on Heyward.  You can do this
#BUNT LIVES MATTER
Has Gonzalez been this big of a douche this whole time and I haven't noticed?
Hell yeah let's bring Baez home.
what the fuck was that Ruiz? haha
Yes!
Awwww yeah, Baez is fearless.
Nice JAVY!
good job javy
I'm so god damn nervous
fuck yeah, take away the dp
Lol not even close
Baez!!!!!
Come on Jason! Need a good AB here.
SNEAKY
oh baby
Alright Baez, put the pressure on.
HEYWARD PLEASE
Close enough to a sacrifice for me....
LET'S MANUFACTURE A RUN
BUNT. HIM. OVER. NOW
[deleted]
He ate his salad.
Ruiz did not want to get caught napping, but there is no way I would be okay ...
Nice finally.  Move those runners, manufature the lead. Make them use up anot...
I'm fine with a bit of small ball. Just get him home.
Fastball right down the middle. He looks at it.
Javy is Mr. Steal Your Girl and Mr. Steal Your Base
Javy clearly doesn't trust Jeyward
grounder to 2nd is good here Heyward
I really hope that wasn't supposed to be a hit and run. Why you would call fo...
if the cubs and bears win this would be the best single day of my sports watc...
well we got to 2nd so the slump can't hurt us too bad
Come home Javy
Literally wasn't anywhere close
Well Addy's gotta come through here
WHAT DID YOU SAY?!? I CAN'T HEAR YOU OVER THE SCREAMING IN MY HOUSE.
YA DON'T SAY
How do you continue to start him. CONTRERAS IS RIGHT THERE!!!!!!
Addi!!
#FUCK YEAH BABY
Wish Wilson was in the lineup.   And man Heyard still absolutely terrible.  
FUCK YE
ADDI BOMB
RUSSELL! 
Hahahahahahahaha 
ADDI. DADDI. 
Fuck yeah!!!!!!
FUCKING RUSSEL!
RUSSELL THANK GOD
Love you Addi! 
YOU MY BOY ADDI
OH ADDI HAVE MY FUCKING CHILDREN
THERE WE FUCKING GO
Addi!! FUCK YEAH!!
Why are we not bunting him???
ADDI BABY THATS FUCKING RIGHT
ADDI says.. "FUCK YOU JOBU!! IF you no help me, I DO IT MYSELF!!!!!!!"   
Russell cleaning up the mess!!!!
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
Addi is my hero
Addi!!!
Russell bby pls
Wooooo Russell!!!  God damn that was nice
RUSSLE
ADDIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!
FUCK YES FUCK YESSSSSSSSSSSS 
Yes. Sir.
love you russell!
ADDISON MOTHERFUCKING RUSSELL!
You sexy mother fucker
Way to go Addi! 
#ADDISON FUCKING RUSSELL
FUCK YES ADDI FUCK FUCKING FUCK YES!
YAAAAAAAASSSS
ADDI MUSCLE
#Addison Russell!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Addi!
Russel is not the worst
HELL YEAH!!!!!!
#YESSSSSS
Russel!!!!!!!!\#&#£!\$£!&!!!
ADDISON MUSCLE
Yay
#ADDIPOWER
Addi!!!!
Russell, you smooth skinned, baby face, mofo.  We fans love the shit out of you
Addi weiner boops
JOE BLANTON FOR PRESIDENT
#YES!
Addi Muscle baby
Crushed it
ADDI I LOVE YOU 
YEEEEEEAHHHHH!!!!!!!
#YES
I CANT STOP YELLING THANK YOU ADDY
#ADDY
Muscle!!!
I love Addi so fucking much!
Love to see inside Theo's brain for a few minutes during one of these games.
ADDY MUSCLEEEEEEEEE

WAY TO GO ADDY!!!!

(Wife is asking if Addy is still wearing sczurs' underwea...
theo looked so damn nervous, one of us one of us
Addy!!!!!!!!

I forgive you for that bad AB earlier.
Sounds like a home game. 
When I lay down on the couch with my blankie good things happen!!! Let's go C...
Hug that blankie, dammit
ATTA BOY ADDI
Kid clutch is BACK!
Time to make Blanton feel the pain
But seriously. Contreras in outfield anytime he isn't catching. 
Boy we needed that hr
Russell back, baby!
Stopped watching to wake up at 5a tomorrow. you're welcome all. I'll not turn...
Fuck yeah boys, let's keep this shit running. Maybe Old Man Ross can get a so...
MOTHER FUCKING ADDISON RUSSELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
AttafuckingAddi
Malört is worth it! 3 oz left of my 6 oz. glass. 

Edit : I am drunk on Malör...
FUCK YEAH
ALL STAR ADDISON RUSSELL
Blanton for MVP
I motion for every pitch to be Joe Blanton's slider
Thank God for that. No way we win if we keep stranding runners. Whew!
god bless joe blanton!
FUCK YES!
Blanton giveth and Blanton giveth more.
Theo looked like he just unclinched his asshole.from that chair.
FUCK YES ADDISON!!!
YEAH ADDY BABY
Joe "batting practice" Blanton 
Getting runs is fun! 
Go Cubs go!!!!
IT'S HAPPENING!!
GRANDPA'S WHO RAKE!
#Grandpa Speed
I seriously thought it was a pop-up off the bat.
Blanton is really good and hanging those sliders. Please keep him in.
Ugh! At bat froze up right when the ball left the bat! 
Why does miggy have his batting gloves on and bat in hand?
YEEEEEEE Rossy!
#LETS GO ROSS
Way to follow it, Gramps
Damn Grandpa got some wheels
#ROSS IS THE MAN
GO GRAMPS!
Scared the dog again.
Donger x 2
ROSS ROSS ROSS
GRANDPA DOUBLE
Grandpa ROssy!!!

GRANDPA SWINGING THAT BIG LUMBER
Ross does not slide head first well.
Addy! Addy! Addy!
Gramps gonna need a hoverround after that slide.
GRANDPA YES
ADDY4MVP
DAVID "GRANDPA "WHEELS" ROSSY" ROSS
PAPA!
Yuss grandpa Ross!
OLD MAN ROSS!!!!
Let the hits keep on coming! W00T
thought he was going to have a heart attack

Let's Go Cubs! Hey Hey Addi!
BEHOLD THE LIGHTNIN' PACE OF GRANDPA ROSSY
Grampa showing the kids he can hit a bit too
Rossy running faster than most guys under 30
GRANDPA ROSSY!!
Grandpa Rossy, fuck yeah!
To the guy that wanted Addison to bunt earlier with two on, that's why you do...
Talk about a turn around from addi's last at bat!! 
When grandpa moves better than you... And you're a 20 something active person :/
Ross struggling on the slide there haha.
Lester is pitching good. You guys think a pinch hitter with a RISP is a good ...
Nah
Time for Lester to school these dancing clowns once more.
Is there some bizarre rule where Lester isn't allowed to throw to base or bun...
This "tight" game ?? We have a two run lead and our Ace on the mound ! Fck Jo...
Hey I don't know about you, I'm feelin 22. Also not feeling the guy who wears 22
bad fowler. don't do that 
Do you think Maddon uses Chapman for 6 outs?
Yes
I dunno. I would rather see Strop out there for the 8th. that's his wheelhouse.
Was Marky Mark unavailable for the fighter comeback man movie?
Thank you Addi! *Clap clap clapclapclap* 
Clapclapclapclap....clap clap 
I loved Rossy's attempt at Baez's bop-it thing. I can't quite get it either.
I thought I was a straight man but now I don't know anymore Addy. Stay hot ki...
OH GOD RIZZZ WHY!?!?
Rizzoh no
Does Szczur have a first base mitt?
Damn. Fucking hops over there been brutal.
God damnit Rizz. That's two shitty ass plays today.
Oh my god rizzo..........
Jesus Rizzo, that's twice
rizzo come the fuck on
Oooof
Cmon Rizz what was that
Dammit Rizz.
Cmon Rizz
Yikes, no so good but we can finish this off.
Come on rizz..
Rizzo just didn't secure the ball. He stopped too soon. 
..as is life.
A little more hustle Rizz
Man terrible defense.  Come on guys wow.  
Anyone else catch Larry King eye-banging that beer?
"Why do we keep talking about this?"
/u/ladyparts101 where are youuuuuu?
Wow I can't believe how bad the field looked last year
i think that was late april/early may, when the weather is shit, right?
I can't stay with this thread because my feed's 30 seconds behind and I love ...
This thing on?
I'd go with a pitch out and have Rossy try and get the guy at first
Keep it rolling Jon.
Lester coming out for the 7th? On a relatively short leash?
Why not, he's not going to see the ball again this series. If he feels good, ...
Honestly I don't see why not. His pitch count isn't super high and he is stil...
To Blanton's defense, I think they replaced him with Jim Norton from Opie and...
This is why you get paid the big bucks
That universal fox jingle is so fucking stupid. Fuck this network. 
They used to have a separate one for baseball right? I remember saturdays... ...
Lester with an amazing performance. Exactly what the doctor ordered. Clutch p...
Honestly, I don't know why I'm not running all day on Jon if I'm the Dodgers....
They tried that the first inning of game one, and Rossy gunned down the runner. 
Give me 2 more runs here 
[deleted]
Just 1 this season
yeah, I forgot about that LA one
Awesome feeling when you leave to go get beer and leave your phone at home. C...
Two run homer if that slightly makes you feel better lol. 
LIGHTS OUT LARRY HAS LEFT THE DITCH
Why did Joe even add Z to the roster if he's not going to get him into a game...
Didnt he pitch last night? 
Z is here if one of the starters imploded and we needed innings ate up with a...
Larry is back... we're screwed 
yeah because we're at 3 fucking hours and its only the top of the 7th
Im feeling pretty fucking good right now guys
#risp
Pedro Baez NOOOOO
Are they trying to entice Rizzo to steal again?
I wanted to see Baez vs Baez.
they would be insane to give Baez anything close to the plate. they can unint...
holy mother of fuck these games are taking forever
Is Contreras' defense really that bad to where Heywards offense is worth it?
Bat Willson, field Almora in this instance
Avilan ain't no speed freak, either. FUCK MAN I NEED SOME SLEEP
I mean why not do Contreras bat and then Almora defense if you're worried abo...
Could just start Almora, keep defense, and perhaps even get a hit.  Lefty/Rig...
Because you're not taking Heyward out with a 2-run lead.
With 2 guys on? And Almora is good defensively.
Yes. 10 times out of 10.
They probably will take this fool out if we put in Contreras
**OH BOY IS KIKÉ DUE UP ANY TIME SOON?**
yup...Javy gotta lay off that low and away, even from a lefthander.  Getting ...
Well fuck.
Alright JHey. Pull one for a double down the line
Redeem yourself.
Heyward about to bounce back and jack one right now. 
Imagine how good Baez would be if he could hit the other way. Everyone throws...
pls jason pls 
What's everyone drinking?
Alcoholic egg nog because I'm a white girl and OMG IT'S FALL.
occasional shot of schnapps
Same beer as last night: 'Bout Damn Time
Had an apple pie cocktail at dinner, it was surprisingly tasty.
Some high quality H2O
Please let Lester keep going.
Well, at least he plays great defense. 
Ugh.
Why does Lester look so sad?
He's dialed in
Watching Heyward bat is so painful feels bad man
I worried that would be the case - but no way in hell I can go to sleep now. 
He needs to lift his right elbow on his stance. He keeps it too low, and that...
Maybe they could put a fake beard on Contreras so he can hit in the place of ...
I don't get why the hitting coaches are not telling Heyward to quit that rock...
At home they'll face Kershaw and Hill. I'm absolutely fine with Willson in le...
Review pls
Carry on in my stead friends! It's getting to late for me and I need sleep.
Aroldis for two innings. How do we feel about that?
Out
>A Gon gets a hit

Thanks Heyward 
Out
out
from naked eye that looked out
OUT!
I think they got him.
Out
Challenge
HE OUT 
I picked a terrible time for a smoke break...
lol about as out as the one yesterday for Gonzales, so I don't see it being o...
Oh that's so out
Damn right Baez.  What a play. 
holy shit javy
Easily out. 
OUT!
Holy shit he's out

They'll probably give it to him anyway tho
Gonzalez just bunter out to a guy standing in the outfield 
HES OUT FUCK YEAH
So, how hard does Gonzo cry when he gets called out by New York?
OUTTTT
Baez should have an out!
Should be out.
Out!
Regardless of what they call... JAVY IS THE MAN!
Guys was he safe or out? I'm walking to the bar 
Out 
OUT!
SO FREAKING OUT
Walk it off Gonzalez 
why do they keep referring to a close play as something to not trust any chal...
Damn that's close. Never seen one that close.
That was really fucking quick 
JAVY!!! Oh they totally got him
Felt that play wouldn't be overturned. Glad it was
OUT! GET IT RIGHT, NEW YORK!
Enjoy another L on the replay Gonzalez.
Oooooooouuuuuuuttttttt!
Sit yo ass down!  You OUT!
God Bless Baez
Not at TV how close does the call look?
Foot was still an inch off plate after catch was made clean call.
He was definitely out. No question.
The more I see Baez play at second base, the more I want Zobrist to be the fu...
He'll be catching more after Grandpa retires, right?
Baez will be every 2B next year.
I didn't hate Buck game one because I tuned him out but I for damn sure hate ...
leave in lester or not for the 8th?
He's definitely done after the 7th if he even gets out of this inning
Nah, I think our pen can lock it down.
Put in Strop, Lester has thrown a lot of pitches.
No not in essence, he is 0-2 on replay challenges this series
Does baez have a shiner?
F the Dodgers!
at first I thought Bryant would be the postseason MVP, but Baez is putting on...
Blasting the Bee Gees over Joe Buck
You know what to do Jon! Strike him out!
Haha why do you not run?
WHy the fuck are youn ot calling the outside balls as strikes anymore,  Ump?!
THATS A STRIKE
THANK YOU BASED LESTER
4-3-Checkmate
#LET'S GET SOME RUNS
Will they put in Chapman?
Strop in the 8th probably. Maybe Rondon.
Bottom of the 9th
Thanks. 
My fuckin directv keeps going to screen saver or changing to the directv tips...
I really want to switch, but the data free app and Sunday Ticket are pretty c...
Time for some insurance runs. LET'S GO!
Can we get like 2 more runs please.
Hey guys, me again. We are getting into my favorite inning. I know a lot of y...
A run or two here would be great for my heart
Don't understand why the Dodgers aren't running, dancing around and taking bi...
Way to hustle Addi!
Lmfao Dodgers sub absolutely hates Joe Buck and Baez right now
#SAAAAFE!
F YEAH RUSSELL
\#LoveToEveryBaez
Holy shit lucky. 
Addison Hussell
Addison hustle
ugh fucking baez
Oh shit their Baez is out. Time for confusion!
LEAD OFF MAN ON!
These quick musical intros are pretty tight.
We have the better Baez
It'll be my birthday on the East coast in less than an hour.  Always wanted a...
Our Baez > their Baez
everything Pedro Baez does is slow, huh?
Doesn't have to be pretty lol 
Wha......wow....the Dodgers SUCK
take advantage here and get some insurance
Just like him getting ready to pitch he was too slow.
jeez that was lucky
We need insurance.  Bloop and a blast from the dodgers ties it, not comfortable
Lol I thought Lester had a beer for a second
Did anyone happen to get a screen grab of that shot of Russell leaning on the...
I'm sleepy...

\#FinishThis
Hearing that chapman is gonna have a 6 out close makes me shudder
Ths kids keep doing it. Way to go Contreras! 
 Chapman for the 6 out save? I like the idea better if he comes into a clean ...
Why does joe want Chapman to go two?
He takes all day and still gets clubbed!
#WILSON
Contreras is so fucking good. He's gotta play more
If we score some big runs *maybe* Chapman can go two.  Otherwise, it'll be cr...
DONG TIME
There are few things I love seeing more than the one-by-one congratulations t...
Someone better GIF that
Dat Joe sigh....
Joe is exasperated
Tough to bunt a 99mph fastball
bad bunt, still worked
Haha alright bunt, hit it a little too hard but worked out.
That's how it's done. C'mon Dex. 
Safety squeeze!
Do your job. That's all you gotta do. Good job. 
I thought once they were going into the windup they couldn't look back at 2nd...
Throws to 3rd. Fowler fine. Starts the whole pitching regiment over again.
Wooooooo!!!!!
Yes! Exactly what we needed
[SEXY DEXY!!!](/#WeAreGood)
Yes! Still Gonzalez vs the World! 
WOW! 
#R
#RESPECT90
YES!
HAHAHAHA
GTFO
[deleted]
ITS BIG
AHAHAHA GONZALEZ YOU DIPSHIT
Wow...
That's the shit we like !
:) 
Atta boy Dexy!!
Weehee!!!!!!
always. fucking. hustle. 
Works for me, there we go dex!
Double steal.
K boom time 
Cubs are respectin' 90 this inning.
It's just so beautiful
Not really Gonzalez's fault.  Baez is a fucking idiot.
#FUCK THE CLOSER
Infield hits for days 
small ball baby
Rizzo Dong lets go!
ANOTHA ONE
#R
#Respect 90 bitches!
wow ha!
I'm loving all this fuckin hustle.
The hustle is beautiful to watch 
#BATS ON FIRE
Guess we don't need Chapman anymore?
#WEAREGOOD
God Bless America
F-A-N-T-A-S-T-I-C
Wow, that's close
The smallest of ball right now
Safe?
[Thanks, Turner](https://67.media.tumblr.com/61c1187f283278f2f5bd1efded24f03e...
That was really close.

Very... #KLOSE right there.
Please challenge Gonzalez 
YES YES YES YES YES
Ok, I hate Joe Buck, but I loved the Fugees reference. 
I LOVE BASEBALL!
"Are you gonna go my way?"  
No

Safe!
Ruiz looks like a 45 year-old midget when they do close-ups of him.
#LMAO I LOVE THIS
The clock between pitches is great. I know I have plenty of time to grab a be...
pathetic call
Damn that woulda been a single...stupid shift.
**safe as houses**
Man how can the ump fuck that one up?
Is Chapman still coming in?
hah. that didn't take them long at all. 
Baez really does take for fucking ever

is our owner the zodiac killer?
I've never seen a pitcher work slower than Baez. That was ridiculous.
BASICALLY PIZZA BUT NOT PIZZA
Nooooooooo
BAEZ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm ok with going into the 9th up 4, but I would still love some insurance...
NOOOOON NONONONNONONONNO
BAEZ NO!!!
oh no Baez
Baez can NOT be hurt. 
Omg.... 
Sonofabitch. Rolled the ankle?
Is this real life???
LMAOOOOOOOO
Get fucked even more
nooooooo javy please be ok 
PINCH RUNNER PLS
Oh shit oh shit oh shit......
Aw shit, Javy's hurt
Beautiful! Hope he's fine.
*Mashes keyboard*
#JAVY PLEASE
Javy's ok. And he's fucking AMAZING!
Is he ok
Oh shit what's up with Javy?!
No no no 
No no no no no no no
JAVY YOU BEAST!!!!!!!!!!
YEEAAaaa...oh. shit. no. NO....!!!!! 
He is still on is that a good sign?????
Cramp?
Didn't roll an ankle or anything. Good to see him stay in. 
YEEEES!!!!
NOOOOOO!!!!!
Hamstring maybe, but he's staying out there. 
Javy NOOOO!!!!!!

Stropie!
The Dodgers seem like they can't hold a ball without bobbling it lately
Baseball players get hurt so easily it's crazy. 
It's because they go from periods of rest to all of sudden full on. That type...
Makes sense, but they're also just not even close to as in shape as NBA or NF...
Holy shit. 
Why you gotta worry me like that baez.
sayonara 👋🏽
Oh thank God. I really hope there's nothing too wrong.
2 run homer for Heyward...I smell it in the air
THIS IS AN ASS WHOOPIN TEAM!!!
FuckFuckFuckFuck. Whew?

TAKE HIM OUT
J-Pop
Javy take my energy 
Javy could take my kidney if he needed it. 
Soooooo what happened 
Fucking scary

So what's the consensus with Howard?
He's like a restrictor plate on this offense. 
Very bad with a baseball bat, very good with a baseball glove. Still hasn't c...
Only 992 more to go!!
Lol Heyward can't get out of infield.    
thinking about Binny's is always great
Javy just wax me
The only way this brilliant inning could end was if it was heywarded... done

The people at stride are making bad trips into commercials
Damn, with all this fun Heyward still can't get a hit. Built like baby LeBron...
Okay, Baez must be fine. No way Joe would let him be out there with a 7 run l...
I've been waiting for the fuck you defense
Let's finish this game strong! Saturday is going to be a tough game.
Did Buck say that Baez is still limping? Why in the world is he out there?
He was saying after Baez was limping back to the base after the bases clearin...
Buck says things just to hear himself talk
Toles trying his best to be Conor Gillespie from last series.
c'mon stropy
Come on Strop, don't do this.
Wtf Strop
This was the first game of the post season I haven't been in here, but I had ...
I miss having confidence in Strop and Rondon
Take it easy Strop 
I have no faith in strope. Fell anxious every time hes out there.
I trust you strop, take us home. 
what the fuck. 
What happened to the Strop I remember?
Why must we make it interesting, Strop?
Strop pls
Take Strop out before it gets worse!
Oh I guess strop is gonna fall apart
Calm the fuck down Strop
haha very funny let's fucking end it ok?
[deleted]
Strop is such a headcase. 
That one got away and strop showed it immediately. 
Ok. Strop, just stop. Please.
Wtf Pedro

This guy needs to stop 
Glad we have a 7 run lead, crooked hat not sharp today
Huge risk to have Javy out there with a 7 run lead.
Come on strop
Well, at least we have the force out now. 
Strop really wants Chapman to get some work in, huh?
And now Chapman is going to have to inherit 2
man, thank god for monty. we would be fucked the way rondon and strop are pit...
Cmon Strop... get it together man!
Dude, put someone else in

*edit: may have overreacted
Finish this, Strop. C'mon
FFS put in Z! The Dodgers struggle against lefties and he was one of the best...
Twin kill!
**DOUBLE THE FUN**
Strop is wired too tight.
Atta boy Russ!
DP SO HARD
There we go!
DP!!!!!!
Huge.  Nice job Russell.
Why does it have to be Chapman? Why not Rondon?
Good double play!
Hahahahahaha everybody ripping on Baez
addi made that look easy
Why is Rondon not up?

EDIT: DP!  YES
DP BBY
Loving me that DP. 4 more outs (plus 27). 
Is Seager hurt?
Stropy like nah I know how good my defense up the middle is I ain't touching ...
genius DP setup!
That's more like it!
He's given up. That's what's wrong.
Thought that was gone.
Bosio and Maddon are pissed
Fuckin strop man.
[deleted]
Still up by 6.  We got this fam.
Sigh 
*robbed*
that was fucking terrifying
I mean, we've heard that song like 100 times this series and it still makes m...
I hope Pedro doesn't pitch Saturday, I might dump beer on my head.
"MUST SEE TV"

DRINK!
Russell is on fire tonight!
Russ!
Addison, you gorgeous person
He's a good kid.
And a sexy... er... grownup.
That was a nice AB Russ. 
ADDI!
Damn atom ball
START SAVING THESE HITS RUSS!!!
He's not going to cool down again
That's not how hits work....
Its how jokes work, though
Stirpling? More like Sucking!
Chappy time.
Here we go! 
Yep, chapman. Let's crush 'em, Roldy.
[deleted]
[Bam Bam by Sister Nancy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcaPu9JPenU). Kanye...
I believe it's called "Charge"
Would also like to know
Bam bam by sister Nancy
85mph changeup. That's not fair
dude why is he throwing so soft?
I know this game is still in hand, but Chapman always scares me because his c...
Wtf Chap?
Joe is fingering himself under the broadcast table. He's hot and horny for an...
Wow Chapman, get this out of your system please..
Oh jesus
 Don't know if the strike zone tonight is conducive to Chapman pitching
Can you not dick around with the offspeed stuff?
Can we not please
Ok now stop hitting pls
Can you NOT practice your sliders right now?
Chapman. Wtf man. 
Chapman can't get his mind right for anything other than a save.  
eh
Okay let's get this shit done forreal Chap
He's not letting it rip tonight. It's like he's tryign to finesse this one or...
Ok Chapman, throw the heater
GAS
There we go 💯 
Come on Chapman
If he's going to have a bad outing now is the best time to have it.  
He is taking the Baez approach 
Alright now Chapman isn't screwing around.
Man, Gonzalez sure is having a rough go of it today
Who needs a dp? let's do this one out at a time
Kinda off topic, does anyone know the difference between the low profile cap ...
low profile doesn't stick up as much. I think Hendricks wears one.
The on field cap has a deeper crown so it sits lower on your head...I think.
I'd rather have someone else in right now.
Get Chapman out right now. 
He needs this to stay loose, why take him out?
Don't fuck with us Chap
Stop Chap.  Not funny
Is Chapman even trying?
Meh.

Hope Chapman's better next game.
I can't fucking do this right now
Still OK. We got this.!
This is why you pile it on when you have the opportunity.
These last couple outings are really making me question giving Chapman a prem...
Okay close it now. 
Is he even trying? I don't like seeing him get hit like this
Pen putting their fucking feet up tonight.
[deleted]
2 outs 2 runs. Just need one more!
8-4 runner on 1st 2 outs
Not dead yet.
We're up 4 with two outs people just like to freak. 
Chapman clearly doesn't want to be on the mound right now...
Stop fucking around Chappy. 8-2 is a much better score than 8-4 
Fucking garbage heyward. Fucking PH for him.
Announcers actually explained why they didn't and got it right for once. With...
almora can defense
He can but Heyward is proven
Its so fucking cubs to have a pitcher give up a lead because he doesn't throw...
And the Cubs fuck away another run.....god fucking damnit!

EDIT: also, this ...
KB's bags are packed.. send him home
Man it took me way too long to figure out you meant score a run and not like ...
Haha yeah! I tried to get the line from happy Gilmore but I can't remember it...
#STRANDING RUNNERS, HOW YOU WIN GAMES.......
Cubs are winning, I had the day off, and my Dutch East Indies colonial coin a...
[deleted]
Shhhhhhhhh
Why does Tom Ricketts look like a young white Ted Cruz
So apparently I'm going to an awesome immersive haunted house (with like, wai...
2spooky4IsItAlwaysOr95
So spooky that I gained a number!!!
Oh...well screw it that's staying!
2spooky4Germanhammer06
You're pretty awesome.
Time for the Dodger bandwagoners to empty the stadium this shit's ova!!!
Just 135 outs to go.
He's so.....Asian. 
Kenta maeda was the "bomb" for Hiroshima's team
The crowd is already out of this game right now. This is how you win.
I work in an office full of Sox fans who are actively rooting against the Cub...
Big ol' W flag. Display it prominently
Cub-cakes (Cub-themed cupcakes)
Anything branded with guaranteed rate on it
Nothing. Screw them. 
It's only the 1st inning dont jinx it.
Don't be like that ump
Somewhat borderline call didn't go our way, not gonna always get that call
That was over the inside of the left batter's box. That wasn't even close to ...
46-8 when JHey gets an RBI? Lmao hold the fuck up 
I think he said when he scores a run? Not sure tbh
Yeah you're right, I just took the chance he said rbi but I'm pretty sure I h...
Jesus fuck that was pathetic Lester 
Jon "Urias" Lester
hahaha he's got his moms oven mitt on for the slide what is that
I feel like you don't watch very many games.
[deleted]
(its just a joke)
Oh you mad ha?
Yeah, God damn it!
YEAH FUCK YOU
LET'S FUCKING GO
"FUCK YEAH"
I prefer the slomo: "FFFFFFUUUUUCCCCCKKKKK YYYYYEEEEEAAAAAHHHHH"
Wasted opportunities. 
wtf is with our defense
Still feel like Rizzo has been fielding, well trying to field, a lot of balls...
Sorry guys. Naturally I tune in and then we mess up and they score. Go ahead ...
I wish they'd start applying old school tags on steals and throw overs where ...
Saying that he did the best he could to catch that ball is an insult; you're ...
Haha what
Larry King didn't even flinch.
Damn we are pissing this game away.
RIP brian hoyer
How many runners can we strand on second?
Only one at a time 
6 so far
GOD DAMMIT BABIP GODS HATE US AGAIN
Upside, Bears just scored a TD off a Rodgers fumble
Not everyone here is a Bears fan, or even gives a shit about football.
There's several of us watching both
We want the Bears to lose all of their remaining games to get a better draft ...
Man, BABIP is still not our friend. 
ELI5: What is RISP?
Runners in scoring position. 
Runners in scoring position. Any runner on 2nd or 3rd base
Runners in scoring position. 
Runner(s) in scoring position. Anyone on 2nd or 3rd falls into this category.
Anyone on second or third. Runner in scoring position. 
Runners in scoring position. 
Average with runners in scoring position pretty sure
Runners in scoring position 
Runners in Scoring Position, I.e second or third base
Runners in scoring position.
Runners in scoring position.
Runners in scoring position
Runners is scoring position (I.e. On second or third base) 
Javy don't be so cocky!
Javy be as cocky as you like, you back it up 
He does own it, true 
fucking pull him for zobrist in right and contreras in left 
just ground out to 2nd like you usually do here
fucking moron, what the hell are you swinging at
Fuck Heyward...bench him.  That was a foot and a half inside, and he still fu...
I've defended him all season, but yeah. I'm done. Give him the offseason to r...
You want his defense for late, so yes.  But I start Almora over him everygame...
Fuck Heyward. I mean his fucking at bats are atrocious. 
I swear on everything I turned the game off to watch something on Netflix aft...
Lester makes better contact and has better control of the strikezone than Hey...
feels bad man
another runner left on in scoring position with 1 out. I'm glad addi hit anot...
Why dude
This is why I'm still nervous.
I honestly don't think Joe Buck is half bad, if he weren't sitting next to th...
I think Tim McCarver is what made Joe buck so insufferable. Those two togethe...
They really make each other worse.
Guys, I think Lester may be the Zodiac Killer...
You mean Ted Cruz?
Shhh.....
Pull
In soler for Hayward.
who is hayward
Who my phone thinks heyward is apparently.
Serious question: Why hasn't he started recently? 
No thanks.
I wouldn't say *erased* but yeah I'd be happy if Heyward got a hit
We can't keep leaving guys on base.
Sigh, for fuck sake Heyward
Jesus Christ Heyward. 
Who here is surprised that Heyward did nothing with that at bat?
I was surprised he did not strike out. Does that count?
Well, I'm surprised it wasn't a K or ground ball. Other than that, not me. 
I'm glad everyone is so confident in Almora. Someone should write that to Mad...
Its not that we're overly confidant in him overall. It's that we're overly co...
At bat? Maybe. In the field? No.
You just know the outcome when that dude is up.  I feel bad for him and I hop...
That sounded like it was a decent sized pop up. Nope lol. That man is not goo...
i...think he got it, but i don't think it's enough to overturn.   
edit:wow. ...
Upvote to help bc I got it lol
Remember when we kept giving Rizzo and Russel chances to prove them selves, l...
Heyward's sample size is 150 games of garbage.
You must've missed those posts/comments calling for them to be benched
Yeah, well... Heyward is 0 for the year, so... a shorter leash.
They had better seasons
$184 million 
He had a full season lol.   You just start watching or something?
https://s3.amazonaws.com/cranbrookchamber.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/1621...
Can't believe how biased these announcers are.  Saying Fowler is "clearly safe"
Hokies won huge tonight now it's the Cubs turn!!
I think Baez depressed his infield and that's why they collapsed.

Anyone else think Theo kinda looks like John Cena?
I didn't see him
Javy is indestructible. Don't  worry guys
Javy is bae  javy is life
Heyward is such a cockblock during this offensive circlejerk
I'm actually ok with it just this one time because I don't want Javy hurting ...
I have no faith in Chapman man 😑
Hot damn he throws so fucking hard. 
Fucking Heyward. Can't he even hit at his pathetic .200 clip?
Addi has had two AWFUL at bats in clutch situations today. He's the reason th...
Really disappointed he swung at all those slides 
What a pussy guy in the stands looking away from the foul he caught. 
Settle down sporty spice 
Eh, I don't know. That was coming in pretty fast and about to (or did) bounce...
Its was only coming at 140 mph
Oh snap you trying to outdo my naughty word from last night?
If only addison laid down a bunt.. that would have been a run. Terrible decis...
You know pitch selection changes in different situations. No way you can say ...
Addi has been swinging better. Don't signal that you don't trust him there. 
You only have a 1 run lead. Anything to get another runner into scoring posit...
You also make it second and third with one away. Meaning Ross doesn't get any...
He's seen Addi bunt. It's pretty bad 
Yeah make the guy who last night had 3 hits, including a HR and 2 RBI, as wel...
First at bat was ugly against Maeda. Why not take the safe route and advance ...
Can I please not see Strop again this postseason?  Thanks.
Him hitting that ginger prick was worth everything else.
Attack the zone when you're up. No extra baserunners.
Strop and Rondon are just not the same guys this year. They were supposed to ...
To be fair he's only in because a 7 run lead.  I'm ok seeing him again.
Heyward can always be depended on to let you down.
Honestly.. if we make the world series can we just let our pitcher hit and th...
I'd vote for this. 
DH can only go for pitcher
Heyward: our gift to the confidence of opposing pitchers
does any of our batters make you guys nervous? bryant rizzo and baez make me ...
Literally all of them because I'm just a nervous wreck
Gonzo and sometimes Seager
This, right here.
As nice as that inning was, guess what guys. We still stranded a runner on se...
You dropped this? /s
We strand a ton of runners because we get a ton of runners on base. Inning ha...
Can't really count on the pitcher to drive him home..
1/2 ain't bad though. Especially with a pitcher at bat in there.
Who had hit it deep twice already.
Can we take a moment and step back and realize what's happening? There's a he...
I keep turning this over in my mind and I'm shaking with crazy nerves about t...
Jesus Christ you're a major league fucking pitcher throw the God damn ball ov...
HEYWARD YOURE WORTHLESS
You do realize he is arguably the best outfielder in baseball, right?
Dude has saved atleast 3 runs from scoring this postseason. Yeah his bat suck...
More fucking wasted opportunities.
I fucking hate this offense tonight. Man on base? better fucking strand him 
Should we pinch hit ? Lester has like one inning left probably.  
I thought about that too. Maybe get Contreras in for Grandpa too. 
We should definitely out Wilson in if Lester leaves.  
[deleted]
walk or a strikeout.
I wish I didn't delete this because of the downvotes...but called it...
I thought I had it when he got to 3-2 :P then he had to go an actually hit a ...
ughhh it's just a guaranteed out in the middle of the damn lineup
JFC Heyward
Straighten your damn hat and pitch. 
I really dont understand why heyward is in the lineup. i really just dont.
"defense"
Because gold glove defense helps in the playoffs. I don't like his offense by...
Anywhere other than 8th or 9th for Heyward just doesn't agree to any baseball...
i totally agree, but why would he bat 6th?
I totally agree with you there. haha, should be in the 8 spot
See: Soler playing RF in Game 2.
He was making me so uncomfortable on every play to him.
This guy is a horrible singer 
Not sure if serious.
Please stop starting Heyward. Just start Contreras and be done with it. 
Couldn't agree more. 
I know.  I get that his defense is great, but I have more confidence in our p...
FUCK THE DODGERS!!!! BEANING HEYWARD!!!!
JHEY SHOULD CHARGE THE MOUND
No! Please hit him every time! Please!!!! 
What a bust. He kills us
Take this trash out.  
Dont talk about Pedro like that
Kris' defense has been absolutely horrible.

nevermind was rizzo.
Fuck Cunta Maeda
if i had a nickel for every time Heyward popped a ball up, I'd be a trilliona...
BUSH LEAGUE
Great catch by Fowler! 
?
Don't comment while also writing term papers kids. 
Gotta get through this first clean. Cruise control from there.
LOOK HOW RATTLED LESTER WAS BY THAT FRUITY DANCING AROUND!
That probably should have been ball 4
It was close enough. Gotta be hacking there if you're Gonzalez. 
hmm. large strike zone is large. 
#OMG LESTER THREW TO 1ST!!!
[deleted]
his actual name is enrique

kike is his nickname
OH, sorry
What a fucking K!
FUCK YA GRADNPA ROSSY
man our infield defense is lacking this inning. could be worse but we gotta l...
Not just this inning. Russell missed a routine one (for him).
definitely a missed catch, but I would've been surprised if he made the out. ...
We need at least 4 more runs.  
9 to be safe, really.
#WTF
Every fucking time.
BABIP is a bitch.
Damnit another runner to clog the bases and eventually strand him. FUCK ME!
Why on earth does Joe never PH for Heyward? He's fucking terrible
Close game, need his defense
Heyward is just so terrible. Any way we can get rid of him?
Anyone want to go in on hiring a voodoo priestess to silence Joe Buck's dumb ...
Anyone but heyward.....
What a suprise
Well, that was a new way for Heyward to get an out tonight :(
What will he think of next?!
Heyward is fucking painful to watch.
Alright time put in Almora
Why? He most likely won't bat again, and we could still use the defense
Okay, no more sitting in the bathroom with shitty wifi.  Didn't work because ...
There we go
Safe clearly
Hi Theo....Rwaar
Thank Christ Baez is out. 
No Baez on Baez action?
Our long national nightmare is over!
Pull Strop, don't even let this go on.  He doesn't have it tonight.
Great. Here we go
Fuck off Fowler.  Run it out. Make them work for it. 
We're pissing this game away man. Need to bring back our clutch hitting. Need...
I just can't defend this dude anymore. He's straight trash hahah
He's extremely talented defensively though. If we had a DH I would use it on ...
I agree, I wouldn't want anybody in right over him. But anybody who thinks he...
Nope. Pitcher only.
Good to know. Thanks. 
Heyward doesn't deserve to see the field.  Sucked all year.  Sucks now.   The...
Jason Heyward sucks. 0-14 in last batting appearances. anyone who defends him...
I keep him on the roster for the playoffs just for his defense.  Be nice to b...
Heyward is the best defensive right fielder in baseball. He's not going anywh...
I'll give him next year before calling the contract a bust. Lester struggled ...
I agree with everything except the money part. Its an 8 year contract and he'...
What. The. Fuck. Was that National Anthem
Amazing.  That's what it was. 
I put on the radio feed on my way home from work and I caught the end and it ...
hahaha
the only way heyward gets on is HBP... such as waste of money for that...
Addi was up there guessing
[deleted]
That was riz
Fucking babip is being a cunt again today.
Javy needs to calm down. 
He's fine. 
Javy is my spirit animal.
FUCK YOU HEYWARD IT SHOULD BE 4-1
[deleted]
NLCS? No. NLDS? They'd squeak by.
Inning over 
Keep the faith!
Strop can't find the fucking zone. Rondon and Chapman please.
[deleted]
Dammit dude!
DONT YOU SAY THAT 
Please tell me we pinch hit Almora for Heyward
You're not taking Heyward out with a 2-run lead.
Congrats guys in making the World Series. You deserve it 
Can't tell if being serious or snarky... 

But it's been a heck of a series a...
Are we watching the same game ? My team sucks. It hurts 
come on dude it's way too early to throw in the towel

thanks though :)
I'm still holding out but this team is losing spirit.
GTFO of here. Root for your team. Don't be like /u/drclaw411 
No jinxing here
Anyone know why Lester chooses not to pick off runners? Honestly, I think it'...
He literally can't throw over to first. It's not that he doesn't want to, he ...
Trust me my man, you don't want to see him attempt a pick off... It's literal...
Y...you're joking, right?
That's game
It's not time for that
Meh. Isn't it though?
Plunk Gonzalez here for funzies
Dude, come on. 
[deleted]
are you for serious
paging /u/KneeJerkCubsFan
2 innings. Lets not get hasty
[deleted]
Lmao you are ridiculous dude
I'm getting worried again about the bats...
2 innings of chilly bats. It's gonna be okay.
You're in the wrong sub:  /r/meatballs 
[deleted]
3 hits, one walk, 3 K, no runs? Are you trolling?
jesus christ... strop is such a junk pitcher.  he is so 50/50... and that's b...
There's no salary cap... Who cares
Frankly, we can afford it.
Seems to be working just fine so far.
Strop is a good reliever though 
Good thing you're not paying their salaries.
Chill bro
[deleted]
Shut it, Bobby. 
So are we gonna fuck this up in the eighth?
Positive vibes friend!
Probably not
only if you mean fuck the closer
I wish Heyward woulda gotten hit by that ball...
Rizzo's defense is overrated.
Everyone who knows anything about it knows he's bad at defense 
And I'm sure you're a 17 time gold glove winner? Hush
That's got nothing to do with anything.
[deleted]
Why are you even here?
Your post history is brutal
Get that negative shit out of here. 
???
you've been negative all year
Arrieta v Hill in Game 7.
Arrieta vs Klueber game 1
Let's not give up on game 6 yet. 
Who needs a game 7?
Cubs get it done against Kershaw 
What Game 7?
