Well Ive been away from the computer for a while and I'm sure its been brough...
Fox nimrods paying the price for setting up their post game show a block from...
Pete is happy because he won money tonight. 
Not sure. He did say that the Cubs would find some way to fuck it up.
So I gotta ask....

Addison Russell at this point has to be benched right?   ...
If anything it'd be Baez at short, Zobrist at second, Soler in left. But I'm ...
What?  That won't happen.  If for some reason they benched Russel (and the sh...
Our best defense is with Russell at short. I can't see him coming out. 
Defensively absolutely.  But at some point, you need some offense as well.  T...
In this scenario where Russell is benched, why wouldn't Baez (the natural sho...
I thought both guys could play either position and lately Baez has been so do...
You're in a hole. Stop digging. 
Hi. Welcome to the cubs bandwagon. We're happy to have you. Please... Take a ...
Cubs fan for about 30 years so thanks for the assumption. 

I know enough tha...
Well, in truth, it was an assumption based on solid evidence. You don't seem ...
A fan in the street has a "JOE BUCK IS THE ZODIAC KILLER" sign!!
Give that man gold! 
http://www.thescore.com/news/1128754
So excited for tomorrow!!!!!!
I'm so happy Miggy is the hero!
You can tell these guys want this championship so bad, but they're so chill a...
How ironic that Chapman gets the win of record
To be fair, that inning wasn't Chapman's fault.   He had to face the meat of ...
Yeah those earned runs go to Strop and Montgomery even though they scored why...
Not at all ironic
#W 
Just don't post any of the LA fans in /r/TheRecordCorrected to be stalked, br...
I love all of you
God damn Miggy is such a team player.
I love him so. 
Schwarber died for that grand slam. 
DEXTER: oh I was working my belt off out there!

FS1 REPORTER: *nervous cough*
It says something when your center fielder is smoother in the mic than a guy ...
Reporter: "So how good were your catches?"
Fowler: "I was working my belt off."
MONTERO channeled his inner Schwarber! 
What did joe buck say or do that made him sound salty
everything
His mouth only spews stupid
"Working my belt off"

Goodnight sweet prince.
Rizzo still the hero. Also I love the little pizzeria looking Montero.
W
Confirmed: drunk Amazoning a Baez jersey  
Wanna get one for me too?
I'm going to need some motherfucking relaxation tea to ever sleep tonight
 I just cant believe this happened
#FLY IT!
Low stress win. Way to go 
Lol
Much better thats what we need to see. Man I have a feeling this series is go...
WE'RE OFFICIALLY FURTHER THAN WE WERE LAST YEAR IN THE PLAYOFFS 
I'll take it 
https://vine.co/v/eeb9jMxPMtZ
Catch it all on FS1!
Do the announcers want us to lose??? Wtf
its over!
4 down, 7 to go.
AINT GETTING SWEPT THIS YEAR BITCHES!
#W!
Fuck yeah, Rizzooooo! **FLY THAT W**
GO CUBS GO!!
what a nice relaxing game
right? so nice being able to stay seated the whole time with no change in blo...
Oh hell yes. I can finally breathe. You guys are awesome to watch games with ...
Cubs Win!!!!
Hoist that fucking flag! 
THAT'S why Rizzo is still starting
Exhale - 3 more games. 
Seven!
WHAT A PLAY TO END THE GAME!!! LOVE THIS TEAM!!!!!
THEY got the power they got the speeed
And a double play to end the game! Ball game over! Rizzo robs Utley and doubl...
#W

IT WAS ON HONOR SHITPOSTING WITH YOU, GENTLEMEN. UNTIL NEXT GAME.

#WE AR...
WOOOOOOO!!!!!!!;&!&$!)?75!);67
Fly the W!
What a fucking fantastic way to end it. CUBS WIN!
Lol Fuck Joe Buck
#FUCK YES
DOUBLE PLAY!! FLY THAT W BITCH!!
#FLY THE W MOTHERFUCKERS!!!
BTW WHO IS THE ASS HAT DECKED OUT IN MARLINS GEAR BEHIND HOME?!  Nice visor, ...
That motherfucker is always there
Dude goes to literally every NL postseason game
Say hi to Marlins Man!
Marlins Man! He's a hero. Goes to every big game for every sport. 
Marlins guy.  The guy who's been sitting behind homeplate at every major post...
He goes to all major pro sporting events, usually the big games. There's a fe...
Nice. 1 game closer!
HEY CHICAGO WHADD'YA SAY?
YESSSSSSSS
Yeah baby, timely and situational hitting all around!
what a beautiful defensive play to end the game
GAME OVER!!!!! FLY THE W
GO CUBS GO!  GO CUBS GO!!  HEY CHICAGO WHADDYA SAY?!
WHAT A FUCKING GAME. #WEAREGOOD
Cubs Win!!! Cubs Win!
#W
FLY BABY FLY
#W
Flashing that leather! WEAREGOOD
Fly that W.
#W

/u/LuckLessRouge DO THE THING
Got it
Cubs win! Cubs win! Cubs win!
I punched my thigh so damn hard during that play. Go Cubs
FUCK YA MOTHER FUCKERS! 
OH HELL YEAH SON
I'm Rizzing
And a sparkling play to end it. 
Cubs win!
Rizzo with the web gem!
Nice.
7.
Beautiful ending!
#WE ARE GOOD 
#W
RIZZO REDEMPTION
CUBS WIN!!!!!!!!
SOME NICE DP TO END THE GAME
HOLY SHIT IM DEAD
**W**
Fly the W!!!
#WHAT A WAY TO END THAT
W
8 CAN LIVE WITH THAT
Cry more Joe Buck
Well that was the tits
HOLY SHIT
That's how you wrap up a game! Big double play!
#I LOVE A GOOD DP
That's a winner!
\#FlyTheW
W!!!!!!!!!
BLESS YOU RIZZO
#FLYTHEFUCKINGW
RIZZOWNED
This is a fine time for Rondon to try to work through whatever is wrong with ...
GOT EM!!!!!

RAISE THE W!!!!
Yes Rizzo!
HELL YES
THANK YOU BASED RIZZO!
Now if this was the regular season, Pena would be called up by now
RIZZO
W!!!
WE WON AN NLCS GAME!!!!
WE DID INDEED
Is this real life?
Yes, yes it is buddy
Lets cut the crap Rondon. I only got one thing to say to you. Strike this mot...
come onnnn
My reaction to Toles tonight...

 https://youtu.be/6Oh2FKENMoM
that was incredible and we have a nice lead, but i am starting to get concern...
I'm concerned with how we use them. 
Joe buck should have been aborted!
Im gonna have a god damn anxiety attack
Going to? I'm already having one
Joe Buck is up in the booth praying for the Dodgers at this point.
People booing Rondon? C'mon...

Edit: Unless they thought it was a strike bec...
Ok ive tried to lay off him but FUCK JOE BUCK!
Utley looks like an Imperial NPC from Morrowind
Chase Utley looks like a fucked up Fantastic 4 nemesis 
ZRDNNKKZYXKRZY warming up now.
zastryzffjdlsjfakldjklasfjny? imagine that on a jersey
Hey... they fit Grudzielanek.
Zastrizzknee
[Cubs in the 8th inning](http://i.imgur.com/kGYnxBS.gifv)
[deleted]
No lead is too big.
It's 8-4 and things look good, but I have to ask....  

Why in the hell does ...
I'd like to know this as well
Pinched hit for him with a runner on 2nd in the 6th. 
Joe wanted to potentially tack on a run
He's at bat was coming up and the Cubs was only up two at the time. Maddon wa...
Guy on 2nd with a chance to get a 3 run lead. also now with only 77 pitches L...
Only two things I can think of is that Maddon wants him to be well rested if ...
Lester ALWAYS looks (and is) pissed when he's pulled from a game. His heart's...
Maddon had a chance to drive in more runs so he pinch hit Lester for Soler wi...
It was a pinch hit situation. Javy was on second, he was pulled to try to add...
I kind of phased buck out at this point lol
I can't believe Buck didn't break off in mid sentence to mention Aaron Rodgers.
Joe Buck wants the Dodgers to come back so bad. Fuck him. Also, Fuck his hair...
fuck his Chiclet teeth too. 
Ok, let's cool it on the Rizzo hate train. Leave that to Joe Buck. 
*Please* no bullshit. 
SOMEONE SHOOT JOE BUCK OFF OF THIS PLANET
Asshole getting a little clenched.
Buck really wants this gritty Dodger team to claw back
2 fuckin outs
[deleted]
You might be brain damaged
Rondon is seriously looking like our weakest pitcher on the roster so far
FUCK OFF JOE BUCK
Maybe I'm just being dumb but why is the same guy calling the replays for bot...
Yeah should stick to how it's done during regular season. Len and JD would be...
Not too happy with our bullpen this post season
If toles start in the next few games, IBB that bitch. 
Jesus, Hector.
My name is Miguel Montero--you walked my teammates, prepare to die.
This is my favorite thing.
Here you go http://imgur.com/a/MCWlV
You win the Internet.
I'm a Sox fan and what I just saw almost converted me. That was some scorched...
Someone prepare the meme
I wish I could meme it. I'm on my phone. In a hotel. In Davenport. But at lea...
Took care of it for you, you GD genius
You are a wonderful human being. Thank you for the bitchin' meme.
It's all urs bb
Hahaha love this
Gold.
GUYS I HAVE A GOOD FEELING ABOUT TONIGHT.  I went to get beer at the grocery ...
Duuude nice. A couple days ago I went to get some beer and they were doing 6 ...
Even with the deal, i still bought what I originally went there for ~ miller ...
WOT. The cheapest I ever find beer on clearance is $3.
Yeah...I'm super pumped.  Even better value as Sierra Nevada is like complete...
Where I am the Sierra Nevada is like 8.99 or 9.99. thanks Obama.
Yeah this stuff retails here for $8. Waiting for my wife to wake up from her ...
Need more beer.
What a steal.
What in the Holy hell fuck? Where? 
I live in AZ.  This local place called Bashas.  I think it will get me throug...
Heyooo from Flagstaff!
I have heard about Bashas. Sounds like a pretty cool place. No idea how I kne...
That place fuckin rules
Wait I'm in Arizona! Which Basha's?
Haha sorry bud. I literally bought all of them!  7th st. and Missouri. Where ...
Damn. I'm downtown Phoenix, just moved out here. 
Nice man!  I've been here about 6 years now (sheesh time flies). Well you liv...
It's been nice so far. I can definitely tell that downtown is on the verge of...
You should have seen what it looked like 5 years ago. It's really come a long...
Hello fellow Arizona Cubbies fan. Yuma checking in. 
That's a good deal. I got some Buffalo Sweat,  Tallgrass Oatmeal stout here, ...
Praise be to Bashas (but not really)
I don't want to see any doubters here today. Not this time.

#BELIEVE OR LEAVE!
Can we not use believe? I mean if everyone else wants to, I guess I'll shut u...
Enjoy the ride or GTFO doesn't sound as good.
Also I hate that damn Journey song as a sports anthem.
I ain't afraid of no goats.
The only real answer.
The thing is...i wasn't even really worried when it tied in the 8th.  I didn'...
Thank you!!!!!
To paraphrase Major League..."Nice play, Javy. Don't ever fuckin' do it again."
Haven't seen a Belt that broken since the end of the NLDS
he ded
http://imgur.com/CDdGhAu.jpg
Dam son
Brutal
Rekt
Chicago Dog > Dodger Dog

Let's do this, Cubbies!
To be fair, elotes is absolutely delicious
Dodgers are some L7 weenies. 
The cubs eat nails.......without any milk
LA dodgers hang out at weenie hut jrs
#BAEZ HAS STOLEN HOME

#I REPEAT

#BAEZ HAS STOLEN HOME
Slight corner turn on Maddon's lips. 
Gif please someone!!!
That was amazing. I need that .gif 
He couldn't help it and it was adorable 
"Fowler takes care of his teammates as his teammates take care of him"

*Lest...
The Slim Reaper!!!
That's gold. 
now I like that
Please make this happen
I've been trying to all season!
This is a thing now.
Why are they telling me how to vote on a California proposition? I don't live...
It's 61.
Must have something to do with medical stuff...I think?
i looked it up

Proposition 61, the Drug Price Standards Initiative, will be ...
Correct. The donors for the opponents are big pharma if that tells you anythi...
I love that they started the broadcast criticizing Joe for batting Bryant 2nd...
I swear, tv guys don't know jack about this team. 
Usually how it goes
Not even about this team. Getting your best hitter more AB's is a good thing.
This just came over the radio broadcast:

Javy is the first Cub to steal home...
#EVERYTHING IS SIGNIFICANTLY LESS AWFUL THAN IT WAS 5 MINUTES AGO
Fuck Daniel Murphy.


Wait...My bad, Dodgers won and the Nats are out.



......
Fuck Daniel Murphy is never the wrong answer
Fuck James Loney
Seriously. Fuck James loney
I feel so bad for shitting on miggy so much.  He deserves that to shut the ha...
I know I felt bad for going crap they're sending Montero out there.  Hey some...
He was playing so well before the playoffs, lol. It's great to see him come i...
What about Heyward? We've all shit in him all year and he's done so well in t...
Maddon: Good job Javi, never do that again.
My neighbor is against the HPV vaccine cuz he thinks it'll cause more teenage...
It's simple, we kill the neighbor.
I got it because I stopped being a pussy and took my shots.
Newsflash: teens have been having sex for ages now.
Big if true 
Ffs
man i could have used more teenage sex

source: 28 yo, still waitin'
[deleted]
Well I did (this was my old neighbor I just forgot the adjective)

The new on...
Because teens aren't already having sex...
Some people can't be helped.
#I LOVE THE CUBBIES. I LOVE EACH AND EVERY ONE OF YOU!!
Chicago cubs are love, Chicago cubs are life
Fly the W to live. Live to fly the W.
I love you too!
#OUR FIRST LEAD IN AN NLCS GAME SINCE 2003
Fuck dude 
Oh God, I forgot we never even lead a game last year.
I checked the box scores just to be sure, then was sad, then happy
Coomer confirmed it on the radio, as well.
hey, cubbies: that was insane
I love this game. we got you covered. cubs are here to shut down california b...
wounds still open, I wanted to forgive but it was too soon
my bad. I thought I was talking to a mets fan for some reason. I'm a tiny bit...
Welcome to the shit. 
Do you think Javy would marry me? I'm a straight male.
Doubtful, but I don't think he'd hesitate about going to second base on you. 
I called dibs bruh! 
You'll have to fight me, another straight male.
Harper: Hey man, why aren't you streaming my game?
Teenager: Because the Dodg...
Clearly, he's having delusions, because he's seeing Bryce Harper talk to him ...
Ah, I didn't realize M. Night Shyamalan directed that Verizon commercial. 
Washington Nationals are now almost as reliable as the Dodgers!
Because Harper is the Aaron Rodgers of baseball commercials. 
#THE CUBS OFFENSE IS STILL FUCKING HECTOR RONDON 
Miggy Miggy Miggy can't you see, sometimes your bats just hypnotize me
Remember when people said Joc was better than Kris Bryant? Remember when peop...
I have a hole in my memory where that's supposed to be.
No, who said that
Cardinals fans were the only one saying Grichuk > Bryant. 
Last year during Joc's hot start
Who...when...not the same word
Well I am bad at "reading". I can't think of anyone specifically but I rememb...
Hah, fair enough.
Or even Matt Duffy last year
Our ace lefty vs a weak lefty lineup. Wind blowing out. Today will be a good ...
I hope it is! Need a strong start to the series this weekend.
RIZZO THE STAGE IS SET FOR YOUR DONGERS. REAP THEM IN
#HE FUCKING STOLE HOME
[deleted]
Good Idea: ESPN letting Skip Bayless go

Bad Idea: FS1 Hiring Skip Bayless
Bad idea: ESPN letting Erin Andrews go

Good idea: FS1 hiring Erin Andrews
I mean, who knew we'd see MORE of that idiot
> Bad Idea: FS1 Hiring Skip Bayless

Bad Idea: ~~FS1~~ anyone Hiring Skip Bay...
To be fair, the Fox family of networks loves uninformed old white men who tal...
Fucking got em.
Savage
this dude is why casual "I hate baseball, it's so slow" people feel that way 
Neighbors pounded on the wall and I pounded too. We were pounding for differe...
It's 10:30 on saturday they can suck it
Javy Baez is Benny the jet!!
Cubs up 3-0... Blackhawks up 3-0. I'm a happy man right now. 
How are the hawks this year?
Pretty OKish.  
Haven't won a game this year but it's only the third game. Lots of young guys...
So you're telling me they're not the bears, lol
Yeah they've had too many penalties the first 2 games and there PK is bad so ...
Rough start. Lots of young guys. 
It's been rough.
Fuck yeah Hawks
Are we going to continue the trend of scoring the inning number in runs that ...
Joe Buck has gone quiet.  
Gotta love when that happens. 
A quiet Joe Buck is a good Joe Buck
God has heard our prayers
hopefully for all eternity. 
There it is! Joe buck talking about Aaron Rodgers and the Packers! 
FOOTBALL MUSIC!
#FUCK THE PACKERS
god mike montogomery looks like a young healthy inshape louis ck
Fuck all you naysayers. You guys have the shortest memories I've ever seen.

...
Seriously. Tied game, you'd think we're down by 9 and didn't tie it in the 9t...
And suddenly, we're up by 4.
This is a reaaaaally roundabout way to play Fuck The Closer, guys. 
Buck is going to go home and kill that poor little dog that he keeps in his p...
Lmao
fucking genius
"The Dodgers are a gritty team.  What does that mean?  I don't know.  Just so...
Should ask Team USA hockey how well grit does
Their grit/60 is pretty good.
I may or may not drunk amazon a Baez jersey tonight depending on the outcome. 
I never thought it would be Baez puting the team on his back... But damn, I'm...
Same except sober
Yes.
Buck practically rooting for the HR
Are people really mad at Rizzo for ripping a ball to the deep outfield? All y...
It wasn't ripped and it wasn't deep. It was a lazy fly to mid-center 
All Rizzo knows is hit fly balls and slap ass
Not mad at him but I still want him to get over this slump.  
People are pretty dumb
People Just don't understand the will of the BABIP gods
Joe Buck and his passive anti Cubs bullshit can fuck right off. 
The sadness in Joe Bucks voice is telling.
FTC and FJB
I want to drink joe bucks tears. 
And that, my friend, is one of the sweetest sounds on Earth. 
It just occurred to me having not had the game on Montero hit a grand slam?  ...
This is how you know you are a Cubs fan. I opened my window.....because...wind.
Took off my cubs shirt after top of the eighth because when I do the Cubs com...
You're the MVP!
Or we can forget about curses, hexes, and jinxes and just watch some baseball! 
My God that sucks

But we thank you for your sacrifice 
I'm with you. They're better when I don't watch. I love this team and will sa...
You aren't missing them, you're creating them 
Miguel "Fuck /r/ChiCubs" Montero
#GUYS I HAVE FANTASTIC NEWS I HAVE MANIPULATED A CORE GROUP BACK HOME JUST IN...
...a wild Scotsman appears!
Screw Joe Buck

#WE WANT LEN AND JD
We only have to wait until Game 2 to see the Great Clayton Kershaw guys!!!

F...
#First Cubs player to steal home in the playoffs since.....1907.
IT IS DESTINY 
(Not that he's had much competition) 😐
KFC hot chicken looks delicious. I'm not ashamed.
If ya' want some hot chicken, go to The Budlong!
Had it for lunch!
Was is delicious?
It was! And I mean I live RIGHT across from a kfc so I've had it far too many...
Yes, it was!
How do people eat that without a fork? So much BBQ covered fingers...
The best way to eat BBQ.
That commercial was actually pretty funny.
During the eighth inning of game 4, out of frustration, I took off my Soler s...
I bought my 7 month old a 3 pack of Cubs onesies. The only game he didn't wea...
Wear it proud brother!
Nobody on this team played in 2008, but they sure want to avenge it
Technically, Gary Jones was a coach.
I used "played" but you aren't wrong. He must've given one Hell of a pregame ...
Knew that Buck couldn't go 3 hours without saying "Aaron Rodgers."
Erin*
What was the context???
"America's game" tomorrow Cowboys v. Packers
He was shamelessly plugging another fox broadcast 
Pedro Baez has single handedly made me want the pitch clock to be implemented 
Lester could have done that...
Hey joe buck is this a game 

I couldn't tell the first 8 times you said it
Daily reminder to step back from the ledge. We have a good bullpen and a good...
this broadcast on fs1 has felt pro Dodgers all game long. 
No it hasn't. Shut up. Every game with this nonsense, regardless of what team...
<3
It's Joe Buck.  He's a Cardinals fan who has never been able to hide his hate...
Joe Buck is a St Louis homer, pretty sure his anti-chicago bias always comes ...
Joe buck is an unbearable cunt
Just Joe Buck 
death to Buck. 
Remember when the opposite of this used to happen to us in this situation?  N...
I'm CRYING & EVERYONE IS JUDGING ME

I'm SO FUCKING HAPPY
No judgement here....none...at...all

Because some people you know got marr....nahhhhhhh THE CUBS JUST HIT TWO BOMB...
IT'S OK BANTER BUDDY, BAWL YOUR FUCKING EYES OUT IF YOU WISH!
NEVER BE ASHAMED OF YOUR EMOTIONS. THIS TEAM IS EMOTIONAL
Even when the game became tied, I never doubted for a second the Cubs had thi...
I felt the same way. Cubs were gonna find a way. Pat never doubted either. I ...
Nobody can doubt this team after game 4. You just can't
Lesser benefit of that grandslam was shutting up Joe Buck. My dad and I think...
Fuck his tie. That was his subtle jab. His cardinals colored tie. Given his p...
Can you honestly complain about Buck's call on that grand slam? I don't think...
He's a NFL announcer. Him and his usual partner Aikman love for stroking off ...
Oh I know, football is my favorite and the bears seem to get him too often
Sucks when it's against the Packers, doesn't it?
I swear that the repot by Sk...
I miss Len and JD.
He legit celebrated when they tied it up 
It's why I put on pat and Ron. 
He grew up a cards fan so it makes sense I guess :/
I fucking love the Cubs right now. Seriously. Please win it all. You deserve it.
Holy shit the wind is blowing out HARD.
Dongs.... get your Dongs here!
Good. I'm not worried about Jon giving up much hard contact anyways.
So you're saying we're gonna see some dingers tonight?
GRANDPA DONG PLS
11MPH straight out to left, I believe so (:
Psssshhhh, have you seen this team? There's a 99% chance of dingers any given...
I'm at Wrigley. It's fucking awesome. I love all of you. Go Cubs go! 
Andrew Miller is a cheat code. 
Great start but a little disappointed they couldn't do anything after that fi...
It looks like the wind is carrying regular base hits to the outfielders.
Everybody but Russell had a good at bat. Not sure what his deal has been the ...
HOW THE HELL DID HE GET TO SECOND HOLY SHIT JAVY
Javier Baez has been getting a lot of love for his play in the NLDS and now t...
Officially credited with a steal of home.
He.  Stole.  Home.  In the playoffs.  
old people and dogs thought they were watching a video game
I can't even steal home in The Show, this is better than a video game
i was terrified when baez was going down the line but fuck it

never doubt javy
Two walks for Lester!  #pitcherswhotake
The clock split screen is savage 
Fucking Baez.  It's physically painful watching this dude on the mound.
That Buster Posey-Esurance commercial became a lot less relevant when we kill...
Same with the Bryce Harper T-Mobile commercial 
And where is the Kris Bryant Express commercial? Ugh FS1 is so biased.
Hawks up 4-2 for those of you that also love the Indianhead.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indian_Head_cent#/media/File:NNC-US-1859-1C-Ind...
Nice.
Hockey is for commercial breaks during the playoffs haha
ESPN updates via mobile keep me covered.
Wooo. Need a win there
"The tying run comes to the plate"
It's a 2 run game, you can't keep saying t...
Grand slam. I'm calling it. 
Upvote this man!  He has the gift!!!
WHATEVER BRO FINE
Told ya
Wizard
PRAISE
#HOLY FUCK MIGGY 

#HOLY FUCK MIGGY 

#HOLY FUCK MIGGY 

#HOLY FUCK MIGGY 

#...
CAN I GET A FUCK THE DODGERS FELLAS?!
WE LOVE YOU JOE BLANTON
FUCK THE DODGERS
**FUCK THE DODGERS**
FUCK THE DODGERS
FUCK THE DODGARNILERS!
Fuck the **PACKERS**

woops
Take that back 
As is tradition
#FUCK THE ~~CARDINALS~~ DODGERS
Fuck em both! And the Jays and Indians! 
GOOD JOB SCREWING YOUR SELVES DODGERS

FUCK THE DODGERS
#FUCK THE ~~CARDINALS~~ DODGERS#
FUCK JOE BUCK 
Not a cubs fan but ill be damned if this team isnt one of the most fun teams ...
And I thought being a Royals fan was bad for your heart, you Cubs fans probab...
Agreed.
You have no idea good sir. 
Can confirm, rebuilding and half assing it for years sucks.
This music makes me feel like I'm about to be disappointed by the Bears
Don't worry they're on CBS tomorrow... Totally different music 
That's tomorrow!
Hahah, I always wondered when both baseball and football got that intro song....
#I WANT TO HAVE SEX WITH BAEZ 
When I hear that helicopter I think... "You! Yes you! Stand still laddy!
Jake gives no fucks about this interview
People shit on Joe Buck (including me) but he did do a nice job jumping from ...
Uh oh, so I have HPV I think. Mom, Dad?
[Me hyped as fuck right now](https://media.giphy.com/media/3o6Ztkl2yTA96Gd1lK...
Zoom on his crotch, no closer... we need to see his balls, I uh mean belt.
EVERYONE HATES ME BUT I GOT A TV. LETS DO THIS 
FUCK THE HATERS!
>EVERYONE HATES ME BUT I GOT A TV.

THIS CONFUSES ME

>LETS DO THIS

THIS IS ...
[Stole it!](http://imgur.com/VpiMexl)
FUCK YEAH!
You would think that you'd not be the only person there who wants to see this...
Woooooo 
WE'VE BEEN DOING THIS, WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
are you stealing the t.v at that wedding? Nice
1. Why do we hate you?

2. Did you not have a tv in the past?

3. Yes, let's ...
I think  maybe he means the people he knows irl dont have tv's and are jealou...
Did you just call Lawless a "he?"

You must be new here. 
calm down
I mean I thought I said it fairly calm but ok 
Pretty new here, yeah, I guess I assume everyone on the internet is a male.
I usually do the same, but Lawless is well known here. 
Yeah Ive posted here and there for about 2 years but not enough to notice any...
Haha I'm just teasing you its all good
lol yeah its cool
**DON'T SINK INTO CUBBIES DEPRESSION, LA IS STILL DESPERATELY BUNTING TO GET ...
"This is a game."

No shit Joe? Tell us again. 
I thought this was a match.
Perhaps it's a match up. Or even a meeting. Hes the worst fucking commentator...
that sounded like Rick and Morty fake commercials! "This is a game, see this ...
Now do it if it was Donald trump talking in circles.
Is this is a game? Of course it is. Of course I know it's a game. Very very g...
Well done. 
Prediction: Ross will celebrate his 50th before Baez makes a pitch.
Travis wood should not pitch with the wind blowing out like this 
If you dont trust Joe by this point I don't know what to tell you. 
We are using a lot of pitchers here, but none of them have worked hard so sho...
Fuck you FS1 for tryna make those Bartman parallels. Fucking pathetic.
I am half expecting Derek Law to show up...
Chapman did his job.  Can't fault him for that inning.
You dont bring in Chapman for relief. He isnt nearly the same pitcher with ru...
It definitely fucks with our bullpen and I would argue Lester as well.  Not t...
It wasn't his fault.  Madden forgets numbers when it comes to Chapman and inh...
ITs only tied we still got this!
Atta boy chap. Look, Chapman got two then gave up two on a good piece of hitt...
Could have been worse.  Chapman did a decent job.  He made one mistake.  That...
MONTERO UPVOTE PARTY!
#108 YEAR BULLSHIT
Cards fan here. Come in peace. Can someone explain the "We are good" saying y...
It's a twitter tag Montero started last year.
Ahhh gotcha. Makes more sense now. Thanks!
Montero started tweeting it last season. And it memed itself. 
It started as the team started to make the turn from us hoping to pass .500 t...
It was something Miggy said in an interview last season and then tweeted and ...
Montero, the guy who you just saw hit a slam, basically started it by hashtag...
i think miguel montero created last year in a tweet when we were heating up a...
Montero yelled it into a camera last year once and it stuck.
Miguel montero used the hashtag "wearegood" last year and it stuck
I think Monty might've said it or something 
It something Montero tweeted in not so perfect English after a loss last year...
[**@miggymont26**](https://twitter.com/miggymont26/)

> [2015-04-20 02:59 U...
Miguel Montero coined the phrase on Twitter last year I think.
Miguel Montero started it early last year. 
Awhile back, last year, Miguel Montero tweeted the hashtag \#WeAreGood. It's ...
Hashtag that Miggy created last year
https://twitter.com/miggymont26/status/589572006158405632?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw
[**@miggymont26**](https://twitter.com/miggymont26/)

> [2015-04-18 23:31 U...
Because for a long time ... we weren't
When it's your year, it's your fucking year.
We did sort of end that even year bullshit.
Wait, does that give us the magic...
If we win it all, I'm calling it - we're Mega Man. Absorb the Cardinals voodo...
Haven't we already done that this year? I feel like we sent in Lackey for a s...
Hopefully it's a Highlander style thing. 
The more we take down the more powerful Bryant's baby blues become. Eventuall...
THERE CAN BE ONLY ONE.
That's how it worked in Harry Potter.
THESE KIDS ARE HERE TO TAKE WHAT THEY WANT WITH NO REGARD FOR HUMAN LIFE 

TH...
I'M GRADING PAPERS RIGHT NOW AND EVERYONE'S GETTING AN 'A'!!!!!!
You get an A! You get an A!
I HOPE YOU ARE ONE OF MY PROFESSORS
Should give them a big red c
Meanwhile, Rondon gets fucked out of another save opportunity! Classic
Just thinking how it came to that is fucking hilarious. Walking Jason heyward...
Natsbro here,

That was one of the greatest sequences of baseball I've ever s...
[I'M DRUNK AND SHIT POSTING](http://imgur.com/wxDAk5V) 

Got my Cubbie blue d...
[deleted]
Thanks!! My mom tells me the same thing 😃
I approve of your drunk shit-posting. 

Please continue 
Duly noted 
If you live near riverwest you're welcome to watch it at my place.
What're you drinking? Old Style?
Brandy Old Fashioned Sweet 
>I'M DRUNK AND SHIT POSTING

you understand me on a spiritual level
Are you my spirit animal 
it can be a symbiotic thing in which we are each other's spirit animal
We're all spirit animals on this blessed day!
I agree with this so hard 
and people say you won't accomplish important things while drunk
I managed to get NLDS tickets while shit positing.....my mom believes now. 

...
shit posting is a way of life that people who don't do it just don't get

and...
Missed you bb
is ok i am here now
I'm at the game dodgers just finished batting practice :P
VERY JEALOUS
> I'M DRUNK AND SHIT POSTING

Isn't this what everyone does on here?

Always. That's why I love you all
I will shit post with you in solidarity! My gf is out of town, place to mysel...
living the dream
If you live alone like me you can have the toilet seat up ALL THE TIME!
Checking in from section 312 in the right field bleachers 
[deleted]
Technically isnt 312 not the Wrigley zip code? Nice try though!
[deleted]
Well I'm stupid, so...



BUT! Phone number for the Cubs starts with 773, so...
I'm ready to shit on the Dodgers. Revenge for '08!
Good luck Bros. even if we lose I would love to see you guys make history :)
Good luck too. I'd rather see LA than Toronto lol
Thanks man! I'm either rooting for the Cubs or my team this World Series!
#update  
the impartial clueless crowd has left me and I'm alone with a gigan...
#DICKS OUT FOR HARAMBAEZ
Bats out  
Bats Out For Baez 
Poor Heyward. He nails a triple and Baez is all, hey, get out of my spotlight! 
Jake wants to watch the fucking game
HOLY SHIT DO I HAVE HPV?


MOM? DAD?
[Crazy how all 5 are on the post season roster...](https://youtu.be/TfgsATVwi...
oh my god this is beautiful
That's fucking absurd actually. 
I just thought of that almost perfect game a few years back for Armando Galar...
Andres Galaragga almost had a perfect game at a Pizza Hutt buffet, but they r...
Sad day for Galarraga and Detroit. 
I'm saying it again fuck you 

#CHECKBOOKS OUT FOR DEXY
Definitely not as scared of Kershaw as I was of Bumgarner 
Totally funny moment most of you missed I'm sure.

Camera on Fowler putting h...
That conference at the mound really Maeda difference. 
XD
You Kenta thought of that on the fly.
Look at my history. It's the 2nd time I've made that joke tonight.
#I wish I had money so I could go to every game.
That's what the lead is for ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ 
Just said "Aaaanthony why" at the bar. Two guys turned around hahahah whooops
Just glare at them menacingly!
#Time for a DP.

Sorry^had^to^say^it
Seriously whose idea was it to use helicopters for aerial coverage 
Maybe their blimp went the way of the Hindenburg.
What aerial coverage?
Probably the blimp.
For those wondering about Rizzo and Russell...they're part of one of the best...
Plays like that and people think he should be benched? I don't get it
This shouldn't even be a question at this point.

Edit: Yep
Point just proven 
Difference between not being hot and being ice cold 
Aye.  But everyone has had ice cold streaks this year.  Some longer than othe...
You leave my Jason alone.
There's the helicopter shot lol
I honestly thought that was only the second out of the inning. Not used to qu...
Not only did Rizzo made a great play, but Lester did a good job of hustling t...
We need to start playing Fuck the Closer again
Hey, guys, the wind is blowing out didn't ya know?
Oh cool finally aerial footage from the gam-nevermind it is tomorrow's NFL sc...
why did Joe Buck just need to say that thing? 
Bases loaded,  nobody out?  That could have gone SO much worse. 
I love when the camera cuts to grown ass men with a serious look on their fac...
Lmao the 180 in this sub
It's slightly ridiculous ain't it...
Only slightly
[deleted]
u should use hehe dot xyz
[deleted]
shit son f5 it. My stream has maybe a 10 second delay
I rely on a combination of the ESPN app scoring alerts, both reddit threads, ...
Hahaha that's awesome
BRO!
Fox Executive: Hey Maddon, the rating is down. Do some questionable move to m...
If anyone ever says a bad thing about Miguel Montero again, they can go fuck ...
I'm crying Jesus Christ I'm crying 
I CANNOT STOP REWINDING AND WATCHING THE BACK TO BACK. I AM ACTUALLY IN TEARS
I don't want to jinx anything, but if we can score more runs than the Dodgers...
Hey I have a theory too. I think if we win four more games we have a shot at ...
Yeah but EVEN YEAR BULLSH...oh, wait...thank God...
**BOLD**
if true
True if big
this is a game changing strategy someone call joe maddon
Thanks John Madden!
Fowler undid his belt because he's ready to FUCK
You Cubs are really good at giving other teams false hopes of coming back, th...
Thank you 
If the whole goat thing was ever real, that goat is now on our payroll or som...
Givin' them a taste of what we've been through time and time again.
Its from so much experience on the other side lol
It replenishes our life force
Guys, our bullpen is 8 pitchers. And Edwards and Wood can both go tomorrow. R...
[deleted]
...and every single one of them would still be available tomorrow.
3 of them. We have 5, including our 3 best guys, still available, plus Montgo...
But mah pitch count!!!!
In LF bleachers. Wind blowing out hard.
[Here we go.](https://giphy.com/gifs/yhp7SAbBSvANa)
The hell is wrong with Addison? I would very much like it if he could get goi...
he's been ass since september
He's had a nice ass since always 
I think they sent our 3rd base coach to the Dodgers. 
for a zamboni
former
And the Nats
"Baez continues to do good things "
[deleted]
HOW ON EARTH did Javy get away with that?!?

His sister guided him...she past away last year at 21 in April.
He fooled the catcher by making him throw it to third then broke for home imm...
The Jet stole home!!
We calling him the jet now?
We can. This is a The Sandlot reference, if you don't know. And if you haven'...
Ugh. Pretty embarrassed that I should have known that.
It's cool, dude. I was hoping someone would get to watch it for the first tim...
I love that Jake stops to watch the play
Loving how Jake is so into the game :D
Is Obama at Wrigley tonight?  The amount of times I've heard that helicopter ...
secret service pls
Remember NoCub 
obama is a white sox fan
Obama is a White Sox fan.
...And?  It's a Chicago team in a championship series.  
...fuck the Sox.
might as well be a damn communist

^^^^/s
"Let's take our pitcher with no postseason experience and send him out agains...
CROTCH SHOT
Thanks for the Dexter crotch shot Fox. 
lmao this shot of baez and the clock
just woke up, what did I miss?

oh, only two pitches
Yeah... I'm gonna need Rizzo and Russell to start getting on base
A crowd of 50+ people singing "Just The Two Of Us" seems to miss the point.
Damn Lester is PISSED
Soler hasn't been succesful in the MLB? His [wRC+ graph](http://www.fangraphs...
Step away from the Fangraphs.
Yeah... Using data to make informed decisions is stupid
I disagree with Joe on this one. Even if Soler had gotten a hit, I think Lest...
At some point someone other than Javy or KB is gonna need to hit or it'll com...
I agree with Maddon even if the result wasn't there. Have to try and get that...
Really? I think the opportunity to keep your stud in and not worry about the ...
That's a big if, Lester wasn't quite himself today.
You're kidding me right? He let 5 runners on the entire game on 77 pitches. T...
Gave up a lot of hard contact for outs though too.
And that alone makes you trust the bullpen over him?
The bullpen has been pretty damn good.
No doubt. But Lester is a big game pitcher and I'd give him as long of a leas...
Joe is playing chess in an alternate dimension while we're playing go fish.
Soler is just not the kind of player to come in for a pinch hit opportunity o...
Well Schwarber is gonna be back, so he isn't starting.
I agree. He's a streaky hitter, and needs his reps to get into a groove. He's...
Trade. He's a good trade value, and while i like him, there's not a ton of ro...
"What if I just hit a walkoff boooomb?"

"You didn't...did you?!?"

No, he di...
These Chevy commercials are terrible.
Please, Kris, the wind is where you like it tonight.
It's pronounced Strop I believe.
i hate the 8th inning
oh shut the fuck up joe it's like you want us to lose
What did he say I missed it?
NLCS ball goes into the stands and isnt caught blah blah blah basically makin...
huh, i never thought that I could hate him more than I did already.
He does. He's a huge cardinals fan.
That's not on Chapman. He was brought in with the bases loaded an no out and ...
Why is it always the 8th inning that fucks us?
At least is still tied guys, could have been much worst
If there is a hell, it's being tortured for eternity while Joe Buck provides ...
Hawks won it 5-3 gang. 
Good and hopefully that's what the score will be for us tonight! 
Fuck that. 10 to 3. 
Bout fucking time they won
Wouldn't it be crazy if he hits a grand slam here...ahahkdkdnhsksosksj omg ah...
And here we see MIGGY'S ENORMOUS DONG
MIGUEL MONTERO PINCH HIT FOR CHAPMAN AND IMMEDIATELY GAVE THE CUBS A FOUR RUN...
# JOE DID NOTHING WRONG
Kris Bryant with a Fuck You double! It's Rizz time! 
Joe Blanton is getting fucked up right now. WOW.
Javy is a fucking GIF machine
What did he do now? I'm not watching the game :(
Get out! Get out! Get outta here!
Gif? Video?
What is happening?! A POST SEASON GRAND SALAMI. FOLLOWED BY A FOWLER MONSTER ...
I fucking lost my voice from yelling so hard. 
My neighbors hate me right now. Listening to the game on the radio, and I jus...
I thought the Fowler homer was a replay I was screaming and celebrating so ha...
poor fowler slamming a dinger like that in the 8th with so little credit
FUCK THE CLOSER

FUCK THE DH

AND FUCK THE CARDINALS
Finally loud enough I didn't hear the helicopter
That right there. That's one of the most iconic plays in Cubs history. Still ...
"That's the matchup tomorrow. Good news for the Dodgers."

Take Joe to class,...
Hey Cubs bros, life long Sox fan here. Gonna hang in the discussion with y'al...
Sure buddy, we're a friendly and welcoming bunch!
I was there in 2008. Game 2 in the bleachers, a young 13 year old who thought...
Drinking: La Croix

Fuck: LA

Let's: Do This
[deleted]
Mango is nice
[deleted]
Can't miss with passion fruit
What flavor la croix?
Natural Lemon
Have you tried Coconut? it's unreal
Reminds me of Coppertone, can't do it. 
Pumpkin spice 
Switch to bourbon.  
Switch to mind your damn business. 
Land of the: FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE...
Great, now Bryzzo is singing it in my head again
#\#RevengeFor2008
And 07*
'07 was Arizona that swept us tho
Ken Rosenthal rocks bowties so fuckin hard
Bowties are classy and classic 
I only wore one once, it was horrible.
Excuse me? Bowties are fucking awesome 
Cannot confirm, had to avoid being asphyxiated.
Lot of good contact. Knocking Maeda out early and get to their bullpen in gam...
You want to get to Maeda's 3rd time through the lineup. That's when he gives ...
I dunno, I like the idea of hitting a few more runs off this guy. 
i like the idea of hitting a few more runs
...One would assume getting a few more runs off of him would be *why* he woul...
Reading all these comments makes me glad I have the game on mute.  
I want to punch Joe Buck directly in the mouth. What a fucking retard.
hey you know, I would like to see you do this.
Get me in a room with him and I will gladly do so
There's gotta be a way.
I TOLD YOU GONZALES WAS FAST
New strategy, let the slowest guy get on every inning and just clog the bases
Yeah Joe, he got caught because he hesitated not because he's slow AF
#FOREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEVER YOUUUUUUUUUUNG 
HOLY SHIT BAEZ JUST STLOLE HOME ARE SHITTING ME. HE IS A MAD MAN
Need a gif of that Joe smirk omg
Can they just keep Jake on the mic and have Buck and Smoltz take like a 12 in...
FUCK THAT HELICOPTER
It's noon is Australia, time to bring out the bevvies
it's 9 PM on the east coast of the US--you're early, I'm late, it balances out
Aussies wait till noon?!
*clink*
Just a reminder that Baez stole home!
I've never seen a challenge take less time 
Stealing Hits and Stealing Home: The Javier Baez Story. 

Rated R for Ridicul...
[Javier Baez Becomes 1st Cub To Steal Home In Playoffs Since 1907](http://chi...
#SEXY DEXY
FOWLER, MY GOD AGAIN. 
Amazing catch by Sandoval in Center
Sometimes I think the Cubs' defense makes me more aroused than their offense.
[Shot of Javy stealing home](http://i.imgur.com/AHubQae.jpg)
Just bought my ticket for tomorrow, yessir. Section 213, Row 11, away from an...
Worth it! Have fun
Everybody's been telling me I have to go to at least one game and to not worr...
It seems like route efficiency is always 96%.
Who needs a DH when lester is drawing walks like he is Van Gogh
What hat is Bill Murray wearing? I don't recognize that logo
Baez is slower than Forrest Gump
I can forgive batting woes if Rizz can keep making plays like that. Lester ne...
Do not take lester out 
Oh fuck that, that's a fucking balk.
I took a 3hr nap today and am still getting tired by this fuckin guy.
Maybe Joe wants to pitch him on short rest, that would be interesting.
[deleted]
If Kershaw can save a game when necessary, Lester can do the same. 
Thinking out loud here a bit, but I think Joe also wants to keep Lester fresh...
Would have preferred Contreras hitting there.
Guys calm down. 

Joe always has a plan. 
It's not like Lester was absolutely dominating tonight.  But I just don't lik...
He was only at 77 pitches too...  There was potentially two innings still in ...
My thoughts exactly, Joe loves his matchups...
Who's singing? I wish they showed it.
Joe Buck says Aaron Rodgers. Drink.
Dude were not in /r/chibears. 

But I'll still drink with you. 
The NFL schedule for Sun came up on a graphic. I know where I is ;)
Lol I'm just fucking with you. I hate Buck just as much as you so I got the j...
lol.... oops. Another drink is in order. my apologies. *tips cap while tipsy*
Beer be with you. 
i'll drink with everyone
I would be okay to trade a run for a double play here
Damn Rizzo. I love how all the fans were like fuck no im not touching that ball 
Hawks win 5-3!
I heard Panik had a hell of a game
His first career hat trick! 
#FUCK YOU JOE BUCK
Pulling Lester in the sixth was a terrible move
Nobody said it was going to be easy...go Cubbies!!
Walking Heyward to pitch Baez?

LOL OK...
Watch Miggy just blow us all away. 
I LOVE YOU!!!!!
LOVE YOU TOO BUDDY!!! <3
Good call. Keep it up
Giving you credit for the call
WHAT
Maddon playing chess, Dave Roberts still playing checkers :)
#DEXTER ALSO SAYS FUCK YOU
#I CANNOT FUCKING BREATH
Ultimate game of fuck the closer!
#I LOVE BASEBALL
Bryant would've hit his out too, he just doesn't have the power /s
He just wanted Rizzo to get in on the fun and get and extra rbi
Such good a teammate (lover)
OH SHIT THAT WAS ALMOST BACK 2 BACK 2 BACK
Pfft, Bryant could only hit the wall....
I am dead. This game has killed me. 
Where you at naysayers? Stand up and be recognized. 
Well if you mean second guessing Maddon's move, it was still bad...

(Edit: L...
Nobody likes you
You would have let Chapman hit with the bases loaded and game tied in the bot...
Blanton is my favorite pitcher ever.
Best possible situation for Hector.  He gets to go in with a lot less stress ...
I'm watching in Humboldt Park, and the whole neighborhood is going ape shit.
That was an acceptable inning of baseball.
Vince McMahon fainting gif of Montero grand slam please
#WEAREGOOD
Remember, we are up by 5.  Rondon does not need to be perfect here.  Hooray f...
Be smart now. Finish this.
Miggy such a great dude too. Feel bad for how his season has gone. Couldn't h...
That would be the best feeling to hit a postseason grand slam with your 2 min...
Baez is a fucking madman, holy shit
S/O to the dude in this thread who asked during game one of the NLCS when we ...
Tbf they have been shit at the plate. Would never bench them though, that's c...
Who said that. Tag please.
/u/uncletugboat
Whoa whoa whoa. I literally started it with "not trying to sound like a dick"...
Looks like it was the fuccboi known as [deleted]
where the mods at
Someone remind me why we took out Lester with 77 pitches and 1 run?
Because Maddon.
Now we can use him again quicker if necessary against a weak-vs-lefties lineup.
Javy was in scoring position is the best rationale. Trust in the bullpen, pro...
How long are we going to continue questioning Joe? Geez...
No rally Chicago Dogs today or tomorrow guys, I'm gonna be in Wrigleyville to...
Just in case anyone was worried about the weather tonight, just remember the ...
Are we worried about rain? Haven't seen a weather report.
It's been raining in the burbs on and off all day. Not sure how it is in Chic...
Ah OK. I live no where near Chicago, so I appreciate the info. I really hope ...
#REUBY THE RALLY DOG IS STANDING BY IF WE NEED HER TONIGHT!
http://imgur.com/t5skBFr

Checking in from Left Field!
Left field sucks 

Go right field 
Lol. All of Bryant's sweet homers come over here. :)
Wind is certainly blowing that way 
I had no idea that people actually preferred right field. Gross
I had no preference just where I could get tickets
Oh damn, nevermind, that's awesome. I'd love right field too if I was sitting...
You lucky SOB. 

Get extra loud for us that are at home. 
[deleted]
312 locked and loaded. Not too much as I've got to be to work at 5:30am
What is 312?
Goose Island Urban Wheat Ale. They serve it from the roaming beer vendors at ...
Why do they call it 312? Just curious - I don't drink beer myself. :) Too bit...
312 is the Area Code for downtown Chicago
Ah fair enough. I've spent a grand total of three days of my life in Chicago,...
Get ready for Skip and Shannon shit commercials alllll night 
Every morning I wake up hoping to see the news that a meteor hit that studio
That Kanye song gets me so hyped everytime I hear it.
Fuck 'em up, Cubs
Umps huddling together, "is this a good sign or a bad sign"

Neither, wtf?
There's a downvoter in here already
you know the routine boys
[removed]
Can we just stop with this shit already?  
[deleted]
No apology necessary.  I think this is the first time any of the mods have ac...
Travis Wood makes that play.
Tonight is fuck Maeda night.
Wood would have caught that
YOU WOULD SEND GONZALES???
Jesus Christ, I don't care how bad Lester is, he'd...
#DODGERS ARE THE RUTGERS OF BASEBALL
Low blow
I GO TO PENN STATE

I 100% AGREE

DODGERS AND RUTGERS BOTH SUCK
Instead of an underground camera there it would be really exciting just to ha...
Like for the HR derby?
I just laughed so hard at that. And then sighed at this walk. So many emotion...
And a new candidate for worst send of the postseason!
>c'mon c'mon c'mon go go go go go  
  
* Ben Zobrist, 2016
Cub-bros, I come in peace. Just wanted to say while we were really, really sa...
Of course! Come! Sit!
Holy fuck Baez. Have sex with my wife 
Javier Baez is a good looking man. No homo.
All homo
I've gotten my wife interested in the Cubs because of Javy 
Nothing better than Helicopter audio at all times
I thought I was just being paranoid like the movie Goodfellas.
God damn I hadn't noticed it and now it won't go away. 
Javy was first Cub to steal home in the playoffs since 1907
Update: the free beer the guy left here does not taste very good. 
Free beer tho ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ 
Good point
Free beer tastes free
It's some fancy craft ale from a local brewery. It's just eh. 
Thanks for the update
No problem. 
Well chug that shit anyway it's free.
#CHECKBOOKS OUT FOR DEXY
**HAVING A GREAT TIME AND NOT WORRYING ABOUT THE PRESSURE**
#RIZZ ON ME
I'm upvoting everyone in here. Let's get some more runs!!
The BABIP gods were with us this inning.
That Reds fight was kind of a milestone in retrospect. Sorta the Cubs saying ...
close your mouth zobrist
Fowler broke his belt.
DEX COMING UP BIG
His belt broke! Fowler is here to play tonight
I love my Dad. He's terrific. 

That being said, he's currently on minute fou...
Fox audio get your shit together: http://i.imgur.com/ozqMql5.gif
Tonight feels like one of those game where you team just have complete moment...
Pretty sure Buck just said damn
Aren't they allowed to? Thought like damn and piss were okay but not encourag...
I have no idea. He whispered it, it's barely audible
Ik the FCC allows it but I'm sure the MLB has their own rule book
doubt it
Yeah, but Kyle Hendricks
I mean I feel like the translator would probably go out there if they were wo...
What shade of lipstick is Buck wearing?
Coral Blue Number 2
Ha! I couldn't stop staring at it...
Cardinal red
That idiot just nodded haha he had nothing to add to what shmoltz said. Also ...
God even major league teams are in on the Jon Lester fielding circlejerk
Oh it's Baez pitching? I'm going to go out to the store, take a shower, and d...
Fuck I forgot to do laundry today
That's what sunday is for isn't it?
But I'm gonna be at school all day, and can't do laundry during the game. 
Our Baez is better
The clock on the scoreboard is about 2 minutes slow...
I am not worried about Anthony Jizzo. He has cold 20 PA streaks sometimes. He...
[deleted]
he tends to have that effect on some of the *more devoted* cubbies fans
here's the thing: if the Cubs keep playing this season , Rizzo is starting ev...
#Wind is generated from the helicopter.
My Dad is so excited for the prospect of good Baez being pitched to by bad Ba...
Someone tell that helicopter to get away from the stadium
random rich guy watching the game from helicopter
It's SO loud and it's been there all game... anyone know why?
its for the birds eye shot 
Yeah, I saw one after I typed that. I guess I was just thinking for that much...
Sounds like Nam
this guy pitches the way old people fuck
fuckin near water... wait nvm
Jigga what
I think he has a crush on bryant
Spring training is about to start and we are still watching this guy pitch in...
Half inning only took 15 minutes
It's pretty crazy how well we've been doing while some guys are struggling so...
[apparently there IS a helicopter hovering over wrigley](https://twitter.com/...
Yeah, this is why they usually use a blimp. That and I imagine it's cheaper t...
[**@cwilk**](https://twitter.com/cwilk/)

> [2016-10-16 02:08 UTC](https://...
Can FS1 never broadcast another postseason ever again please?
It's Fox Sports baseball coverage in general that sucks buffalo testicles.
I'm going to die when they do the World Cup...
Oh Christ if they ruin my World Cup for me...
The worst part is they have Alexi fucking Lalas...kill me.
Good thing I'll be heading to Russia instead
2 more innings of Lester and then 1 of Chapman, please.
Nah, we gonna score like 70 and not need Chappy 
A Tale of Two Baezs
That graphic: "Baez: stolen base" What a fucking understatement
I just got home from furniture shopping and I saw it say "Baez: stole home" I...
One could say that.
GUYS, OSU IS LOSING!

DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW FUCKING AWFUL IT IS TO LIVE IN...
i go to penn state so i'm onboard with this comment
WE'RE TRYING!
I hope to god they lose to Michigan this year
Fucking Baez (the pitcher...)
CSN and ESPN are going to play this up so much overnight. TROUBLE BREWING IN ...
I trust our bullpen to shut the door, but I'm not sure pulling Lester is the ...
Good or not, Soler is pretty intimidating at the plate. 
I think we'll be ok guys, settle down lol.
NO JOE MADDON SUCKS. RELEASE HIM AND RESIGN DUSTY /s
Plz don't joke about that.
Alright Cubs bullpen, Fowler's belt didn't die for us to lose tonight
Hardee's bout to bring the flame broiled HEAT!
The bar I'm at just started playing go Cubs go on accident... if we lose I bu...
Monty pls
I think Joe has done just fine with bullpen here. I wanted Lester, but if not...
Really need Rizzo to get going
WTF is with Rizzo?  Did he wash his underwear or something?
He just roped a ball to deep center
That was neither roped nor deep
TIL Strop looks like Rondon
I hope we win
Guys we got this. Relax, crack a beer, and enjoy the rest of the game. 
Just setting up for the triple play 
Not sure if that was the best choice by Bryant?
Probably not, should have tried to turn 2 at second, at the worst you'd have ...
Yeah that's what I was thinking too, no way we could get a triple play there.
Anyone out there still criticizing the second guessing of pulling Lester earl...
Strikeout and a double play.  Entirely plausible.
You guys turn on a dime so quick. 
It's bad isn't it? This thread goes to shit super fast.
The game can turn on a dime.
It sure can ;)
Chapman: "Don't ask this of me again..."
OH SHUT THE FUCK UP BUCK
FUCK! I DONT CARE IF YOU LOVE CHICAGO, GONZALEZ, BUT YOU CAN GO FUCK YOURSELF! 
After two outs, I really believed he had this...
This zone is fucking awful right now
could have been worse. its ok

Jesus Christ that could have been a lot worse than it was
the game is tied and we have more scoring chances left than the dodgers do. i...
I just dont get the mentality with Lester. 77 Pitches.
Here we go guys. WE GOT THIS!
It sucks. He was SO close to getting out of that jam with no runs. Still look...
This team can do this we have seen it all year let's go!
Monty and Strop didn't make their pitches.  That's what happened.  Now it's t...
Wait, I thought we lost already
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ 
lol
HERE COMES THE 

#BOOM
# HEY CHICAGO WADDAYA SAY!?!?!
Oh my godddd!! Miggy Montero with the GRAND SLAM!!!!!! 
Now can we all just sit and watch the game without calling the series?
#MIGGY IS A GOOD BASEBALL PLAYER 
FOWLER!!!! WHAT IS HAPPENING?!?!?!?!
Came back in time from my "bullpen shits the bed" cigarette in time to see MI...
IT'S A FUCKING DONG PARTY
THIS GAME GAVE ME AIDS AND IMMEDIATELY CURED IT
I'm gonna need all the assholes at the top of the 8 to FUCK OFF
I thought they were showing a replay!
Montero: eat my ass haters
#FUCK ME FOREVER FOR QUESTIONING THIS TEAM 
Good thing you loaded up the bases ya big dumb idiot!
All of you who where saying Joe was getting out managed lmao 
ALL OF US SHOULD GET MARRIED TOMORROW MORNING
God I love this team!!!
I wanted that ball out so bad!
Montero just couldn't take anymore of Joe Buck's commentary. 
Glad I'm working and listening to the radio broadcast.
Fox should know better...
PLUS ONE to that. Sheesh. 
This team, you guys. How deflating must it be to have. 3-1 lead vanish in the...
Dave Roberts: http://knowyourmeme.com/photos/1056730-congratulations-you-play...
That escalated quickly. 
[#WeAreGood](/#WeAreGood)
They better send some inspectors out there in the morning to make sure the fa...
Straight up still scared 
thank you for the insurance runs, Miggy/Fowler.
How can you possibly get mad at Joe for bringing in our best reliever with ba...
Taking Wood out after he threw 1 pitch. Guess Maddon felt if it didn't work f...
I'm a fan of bringing in the closer to start the 8th in the playoffs (or the ...
Eh, I get the frustration. Chapman is a great closer with a clean sheet, but ...
Not at that. At pulling Lester with 77 pitches
It's that he fucked up and left monty in the 8th
I don't think people are mad for that move. It's all the other ones before it. 
Yup
Because you just put him in at the beginning of the inning if you're gonna pu...
[deleted]
We get it. Stop telling us what you've already said 80 million times.
I think it was less about Soler and more about taking the opportunity to get ...
That's just simple science 
classic managing mistake by joe maddon, not consulting the sun god Ra before ...
what did we learn today Joe? never take out your ace for a chance to get one ...
Someone hold me
Waiting for the recline to head to Addison! The wife is upset, but hey....its...
On my way to the game now! Right field upper deck...
Score early and often tonight!
Somebody hold me. We are 2 hours away from the first pitch of game 1 and I'm ...
Just went to the grocery store to get brats and beer.  Counted 5-6 people in ...
The gales of October have settled over Wrigley! Go Cubs!
Pete has big time money on us!!
Tonight Rizzo's slump comes to an end 
Hold that E homie
#NOOOOO NOT JOE BUCK ):
Don't worry I'm here
[deleted]
Oh hey buddy
GODDAMMIT I CANT BELIEVE ITS FUCKING JOE BUCK
Joe Buck pretending like he's brave for bringing up the "curse", when that's ...
guys... I'm scared. comfort me.
We're right there with you, buddy. 
We are good. 
At least sell it..

[WeAreGood](/#WeAreGood)
[deleted]
my poops. my dog's poops. my bloody tampons. herpes. Zika. 
Getting kicked in the balls
Only 5?
Our first 5 batters.
Yeeeaaa Kanye homecoming!
Wind blowing out.  This could be legendary.
And you say CHI city! CHI city!
I didn't eat Blazin' wings just to lose here tonight
are you telling me you ate them to have your asshole burn like hell tomorrow ...
Send me some
#YOUGOWEGO
Cubs better give a nice paycheck to Dex this winter
Remember the days of when Rizzo was the best player on our team?

He's still ...
Pepperidge farm remembers
Pepperidge Farm remembers.
I member
Really want Rizzo to get himself started right here.
[deleted]
I agree, I respect his commitment but he could at least change up which song ...
She covered benny and the Jets for him and added some Cubs lyrics. I hope it ...
Because we've been so good all year, it's made me realize I'm really bad at s...
Woulda liked a crooked number, but can't complain about a first inning run
Is it even possible for Joe Buck to say anything positive about the Cubs?
Chicubsbot, I think you have your highlights confused
1.5 innings in 45 minutes? Hello 5 hours of baseball. 
The nats 3rd base coach doesn't look too bad now 
Wow, why would they even send him?
Because he had a huge lead, I guess. I don't know. 
Yeah, but like, he's slow as fuck. Awful idea -- but yay!
Dumbass Dodgers sending Gonzo. Hes as fast as a fucking turtle lol
That was as important as a home run thank you Zobrist and Ross 
HOLY FUCKING SHIT JAVY BAEZ YOU ARE AMAZING HOLY SHIT
#I LOVE JAVIER BAEZ
I can't believe that he turned that into a double
How the FUCK did he get 2 out of that?
Javy's killing it!
Baez and his sexy ass base running!
Kenta Maeda always has a face of like "that was bullshit" imo
Based Baez. 
This team is so good, when they win it all, the 2016 Cubs team will automatic...
Baez is going to be such a fucking good player in the years to come.
franchise 2nd baseman I'm fully torqued. 
What to do with Zobrist then though?

There is going to be a big log jam at LF.
he's getting older. won't be long now probably. although I love the guy don't...
But everyone said we should trade him for an arm!
Honestly I'm more excited to see JB come up to bat than KB and that's obvious...
I love Joe's slow smile there at the end
That reaction from Joe was beautiful. 
officially cracking open the illegally obtained bottle of jameson whisky

by ...
Halfway into mine! Cheers!
It's only the 2nd dude... way too early. And if you're young enough to not kn...
i meant to do it before the game started anyways

it's nine o'clock, not real...
I meant too early to celebrate... everyone who's experienced '03 knows that n...
Giants fan here, that Baez guy is very freaking fun to watch.
He stole home.
I want to tattoo Javy's face on my face. 
Made Baez my flair for a fucking reason!
How do you walk Lester? How soon would they pull Maeda (being game one)?
Hopefully this bit gets Lester a bit more comfortable
I hate this sprint former verizon guy.
He's a fucking traitor, that's what he is
A regular Benedict Arnold.
I keep scaring the shit out of the dog every time something good happens. Try...
I understand the struggle 
He gets used to it eventually, depending on how the game is going.
Simultaneously scaring the dog and making him happy because my kids and I are...
LMAO he got his pizza in the bottom of the first. & just now got a straw full...
I think your dog and my dog should go bowling
Oh God. He's 9 now & his first ~4 years loud noises didn't bother him till li...
Holy cow this team is ridiculous!
that was actually great hearing jake whisper "cmon" when the foul went high
FOWLER, MY GOD
Has there ever been a more fun team to watch? Take the clothes pins off my ni...
hahahaha fuckin jake calling his homer a "nice easy swing"
Good comeback inning for Lester.
I actually liked that in game interview. Great inning!
I had a football coach named John Hinckley and he was kind of a fuck. Hopeful...
What?
Like u/blad514 said about the commercials. Also, the autocorrect of however I...
He's referring to the commercial for the Killing Reagan movie. 
Thank You I must have missed that commercial
Lol at Rizzo and Chapman going at it
Quickest challenge call ever. 
I wonder what catcher will replace Ross. God I don't even want to think about...
Contreras isn't bad and we'll have Schwarbs back
It's the fucking NLCS!! Who cares about the offseason?
What's wrong with thinking about that?
Be here, in the present. The off season is long enough... Soak up the au jus ...
schwarber
wasn't he LF? I didn't follow THIS season until right after Schwarber was gon...
Fowler tonight. Wow.
Dexter fucking Fowler man... Unbelievable.
Man alive Fowler is getting to EVERYTHING.
GET THAT MAN A NEW BELT
Lester owes Dex a steak dinner and then some after this one is all said and done
Dex has been unbelievable tonight! Great defense!!
Fowler had to be driven back to the dugout so his massive balls could shrink ...
#FOWLER IS AN ABSOLUTE MONSTER

Sooooo how are we gonna resign Dex?
Pay him in belts
I don't even want to think about that yet. Especially with this team 4 wins a...
Carefully.
$9 mil mutual option right? You wouldn't think it'd be a good deal for Dex, b...
"Hey Tom, how much money do you have in your bank accounts?"

"Alot"

"Can we...
First off peace out Chapman tbh
Agreed. Coghlan and Soler should be shipped too
Those guys aren't really costing us shit though. They're extremely cheap espe...
Jonny with that 1.000 OBP
Dude, you walked the pitcher twice now. Don't get all bitchy about 1 pitch.
I love Lester just dropping the bat like, "huh, okay" after the walk

I'll take that call but this umpire blows. 
Uh, thanks ump
Two Lester walks in one game. This is nuts.
Doesn't Bill Murray know anything about superstitions?  Stick with the Jimmy ...
Real story, last week I went to a JJ's sheerly on the fact that he was wearin...
Nah he ain't afraid of no goat and besides Jimmy John dude is a total asshat.
"...yeah."  

Does Joe Buck have *any* self awareness at all?  Like, even a d...
Joe Buck looked so disappointed to be on camera 
Joe Bucks lipstick...
I'm pretty sure joe buck is wearing lipstick

Not to mention those douchey gl...
Fuck wind stupid fucking fast air
That did not look like a homer off the bat.
We're getting a bomb in the bottom half of the inning.  Mark my words 
Get that run back, boys.
Our Baez is better than your Baez!
I like bad blood, but man I really loved that Cespedes used the lion king. 
#I FEEL ALIVE
Anyone have a guess to why there are helicopter noises all the time?
Calm down Henry Hill, you are just being paranoid.
They're probably filming "Fugitive II" and Richard Kimble has tickets to the ...
I suspect because there are helicopters in the area 
Cause there's helicopters flying around
this is the correct answer *i think*
Baez is spinning his big dick around in the dugout.
Legend says that Jor Buck's original hairline goes further back than a Kyle S...
Cubs gotta get at least one Homer this game with the wind right?
Bout time for Addi to assert his presence 
Pedro Baez makes me think my stream froze up.
I hate this guy so much.  I hope pitch clock rules take him out of the league.
I think I've grown a beard just during this at bat.
LEAVE BRYANT ALONE AND JUST THROW TO END THE INNING. CHRIST ON A BIKE CYCLING...
I'm glad Joe Buck recognizes that this is indeed a game. Don't know if he kno...
My erection has only lasted 2 hours so far, so I'm good.
We've found the audience for the Viagra commercials, evidently.
Bup-bup-bup-bup-bup stop. I can only get so erect.
Well then I have just the commercial for you...viagra packs!
Defense wins championships!

... 

Wait a minute
Rizzo with the stop! This defense is straight 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Rizzo coming up big 
Nice play Rizz!
The winds are picking up here in the PNW. Our lights just flickered. It's pre...
Joe Buck tops his oatmeal with oatmeal.
I want Rizzo's bat to wake up to match this awesome defense.  
my body is ready for baez v baez in about an hour and a half
Wow Baez has changed so much. 
That looked balkish to me 
please to not retire ross

kthx
"Baez (LAD) is hard to watch". At least I can agree with Joe on something. 
I don't like it, but I trust Joe.
I don't like the move too but I get the idea behind it. The Cubs need more ru...
Maddon is one of the few baseball managers I actually have respect for, but h...
Wedding continues to be incredible once in a lifetime fun.


#sendgetawaycar
seriously how does a guy that tiny throw 97 lol
Carl Edwards Jr.'s heat is so impressive to me. He is so skinny.
I'm starting to like Hardee's again
Monty hero again please
Guess Posey gets plenty of locker sleep time now.
I have a good feeling folks. 
That tonight's gonna be a good night?
Rather, that tonight's gonna be a GOOD GOOD night
Montgomery has been a damn beast
I want Vedder to sing take me out to the ballgame in the World Series.. I mea...
The legend of Vogelbach continues
Man that trade for Monty was such a quiet steal
Given how much people bitched after his first outing you wouldn't think so lol.
But he gave up a HR!
But it's tradition!
Maybe if he didn't have a stupid haircut he wouldn't lose his hat.
Rizzo's hit the ball hard twice tonight. He's coming around. 
I for one embrace out new robot umpire overlords.
Damn.  Game 3 Deja vu.  
Let's go dodgers chant in fucking Wrigley Field. Shout them down
God damn it. Go to 2nd Kris
I'd like good Chapman please and thank you 
bryant could have fucking gotten so hurt there. omg.
Can we all take a moment from the stress inducing half inning and be thankful...
Y'all got no faith here. 
Kinda sucks Lester got taken out when he did. He looked pissed. 
SHUT THE FUCK UP JOE BUCK
FUCK YOU JOE BUCK
OH GO FUCK YOURSELF JOE BUCK!
FUCK YOU JOE BUCK JUST WAITING TO MAKE THAT REFERENCE.

Chapman dont fucking ...
FOWLER WHAT THE HELL DUDE?
Game is still tied. We are going to get through this.
You can't pin this on Chapman.
Bases loaded, no outs, Strikes out 2 and gives...
fuck off buck
Hindsights 20/20 but putting up only a few runs off their 4th best pitcher wi...
I just want to win 1 NLCS game. Is that too much to ask?
I want 4
Fuck Joe Buck 
It's tied, all we can ask for at this point.  Just setting up for a Rizzo gam...
THEY'VE GOT THIS. HAVE SOME FUCKING FAITH IN YOUR TEAM
Offense needs to step up.
We got this. Not worried. 
Allright. Time to win this game.
6 outs to score 1 run.  no sweat
We excel at scoring runs late in games. Have faith people. It's getting reall...
Cubs got this! They came back from worse against the Giants.
You know, what I've learned is that while this is a Cubs team that still gets...
Someone remind Addy to take his walks.
I hope Baez took it personally. 
#HE ACTUALLY DID IT THE ABSOLUTE MADMAN
# MIGGY YOU SEXY SONOFABITCH
OH MIGGY YOU'RE SO FINE
YOU'RE SO FINE YOU BLOW MY MIND
HEY MIGGY! 
HEY MIGGY!
And thays why we have three C's on the roster!
YES! Those stupid walks really paid off for the Dodgers, didn't they?
IS THIS REAL LIFE. ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOIS. IM DEAD. HOLY FUCKING SHIT YOU MA...
#MIGGY SAYS FUCK YOUR PLAN ROBERTS
WTF WTF WTF WTF
Whattttt I love this team
I CAN'T STOP YELLING "HOLY SHIT"
Back to back homers!!!!
WHAT. THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVER.
 MONTERO JUST KILLED THAT FUCKING BALL
Omg Miggy I want to have your babies! 
"HOLD MY DICKKKKKKKKKKK" - Montero probably
PLEASE IM GOING TO DIE IM SO HAPPY
OH MY GOD I AM SO ERECT RIGHT NOW
#HOLY FUCKING SHIT YOU GUYS
THIS CANT BE HAPPENING
I FUCKING LOVE THIS TEAM

This is why we got rid of Joe Blanton.
I JUST WOKE MY WHOLE APARTMENT  COMPLEX UP!!!!! GO CUBS!!!!!
BACK TO FUCKING BACK. SUCK IT DODGERS, SUCK IT YOU LEDGE JUMPERS IN THE TOP O...
It's gotta be the great salt lake over at the dodger thread
Back to Back....  Gee what were we worried about two batters ago again? 
Jesus Christ, this team. Crowd isn't even done cheering for the GS and then F...
Joe Blownton
I love this team
I need a Xanax and some weed. My heart. 
Nothing better than a Hughes home run call. 
THE CUBS ARE CLUTCH NOW NOTHING MAKES SENSE ANYMORE AHHHHHHH
#POURITON
#KB
I'm actually pretty disappointed that wasn't a home run. I'm not usually disa...
I like baseball
What the fuck is this team holy fucking shit. 
At Bat says Blanton has a 67.50 ERA I'm laughing 
Best inning ever. 
This would be a great time for Rizzo to break out.
All my life people. Nothing like this.
#GHOST BED MATTRESS
I didn't think using Montero was right. I'll never doubt you again Joe.

#InJ...
And people didn't want Monty on the post season roster!
#HIS NAME IS MIGGY
I HAVE SINNED, FORGIVE ME! D:
I'm holding back tears of happiness right now. Only because I am in public an...
Blanton is da real MVP. Donkeyshane.
Who the hell is writing this movie?
Is it just me or does Dave Roberts look like an old Addison Russell?
i need a cigarette that was so good 
i don't even know what is happening

>is this the real life?

>is this just f...
Doy-hers caught in a landslide
I'm right there with you man. Like this is the shit that happens to the Cubs.
I'm still shaking
We've got one hell of a roster.  
I love my Cubs. I love /r/CHICubs. I love tonight. 
When's our marriage? 
Considering my wife went to bed and didn't complain that I was staying up to ...
My stomach cannot be at peace until the last out is recorded. Don't tease me,...
I just want to point out how aware Contreras is.  Way to back up first. 
STILL UP BY 4. Get this shit outta your system now Rondon.
Rondon just does not have it since he came back,  I mean 4 more runs is reall...
Stay positive guys. The Cubs are going to get through this.
To all you criticising Maddon. Suck a dick, dumbshits.
Brahhhhhhh
http://i.imgur.com/t7JEmH9.png
Ya, dumbshits!
Joe's expression in the dugout was great: http://imgur.com/79fczEg

Do you have this in gif form??
found it on twitter: https://twitter.com/cjzero/status/787458632187154433
YAAAAAAAS THANK YOU
I loved that shot of him pretty sure he started to crack a smile. 
Like he knew he should be mad but he couldn't keep his happiness hidden. 
He smiled right as the screen changed LOLOL
He looks like he's trying to hide a smile
Just thought I'd let you guys know in case you were curious:  

Papa John's p...
Papa Johns is my local choice.  But if I'm in Chicago or Indianapolis it's Gi...
Can confirm that Papa John's is fucking delicious when baked
How else do you suggest cooking a pizza??? 
I've rarely been disappointed with a papa johns pizza tbh
I'm not disappointed by any means.  It's all adequate and decently cheap.  I'...
#DOMINOS IS BETTER
How does it feel to be wrong? Papa John's gives you sodie pops 
Or as drunk as Papa John
Drunk?  Nah.  Papa John strikes me as a whippits kind of guy.
lou malnatis or die
Aren't belts sort of weird as part of a sports uniform to begin with?
There's a lot more sliding in baseball than other sports, especially prone sl...
So are buttons on the jerseys but baseball be that way
You want your pants falling down?
Giraffe wants to see more dongs. 
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
looking like a fool with your pants on the ground
Looking like a fool
Baseball is a gentleman's game and gentleman wear belts
Guys. Did you know that Lester is absolutely shit tonight? Because I could've...
Glad we took Lester out for super clutch contact hitter Soler lol. 
We're not even losing and you guys are jumping off the ledge. Settle the fuck...
Joe. This is on you man. Unnecessary BP usage.
Did everyone in here forget that the game is still tied? Jesus Christ you'd t...
#THE CUBS ARE A TWO-OUT HITTING MONSTER
This is the greatest 10 minutes of baseball I have ever seen in my life (so far)
You miss the 9th against San Fran?
I think we have harvested EYBS 
Look at me

I am the EYBS now
I made a comment about this after the series win lol. Someone replied with "a...
https://media.giphy.com/media/rl0FOxdz7CcxO/giphy.gif
http://m.imgur.com/ypctMLj?r
I'll be at work for most of the night but will be with you guys in spirit. SW...
Put some vodka in that sprite lad!
Oops
Welp, now recovering from my alma mater's CFB meltdown. Pick me up, Johnny Le...
Who?
I went to NC State
The hype is real. Let's go Cubbies!
Let's score more runs than the Dodgers tonight!
Cleveland wins. Up 2-0
Okay Longhorns, I'm depending on you to distract me from my anticipation for ...
I'm using the first game of thrones book to distract me
but how will you see the game through all the blood and wine?
Easy. Put down the book and watch the game
I'm really damn tempted to [purchase this](https://www.500level.com/collectio...
I always think the "put the number on the cap" thing that non-licensed merch ...
I'm from California and I started watching baseball as a whole with the Cubs/...
Usually you have to truly suffer first. If you stick it out through some majo...
Being a new fan doesn't make you a bandwagoner. Do you planning on switching ...
Hey lets win this series how bout it?
Why don't they have Wayne Messmer doing the anthem? Too bad there is a Hawks ...
I despise Cornelison
Found a Blues fan
John Vincent has done about 25% of the home games this year. He's part of the...
Hmm... Guess I just didn't pay attention. The games I went to were all Messme...
It's like a large Frank Sinatra.
He hit that note longer than a Bryant homerun
Jfc homie got that voice of an angel. 
What's everyone drinking?
312
Old Style.  
Mountain dew code red
Not LaCroix. 
Blazin' B-Dubs sauce.

Wait, actually water, due to the above.
Wild Turkey 
Tequila. 
Pabst Blue Ribbon
Heavily
Who do I call if I've had an erection for 72 hours?
Goat Busters
The doctor's wife.  
I'm so glad the Cubs have a solid pitching staff and don't have to find a way...
Let's do some fucking damage
Oh man, I've had like 2 bottles of water already, I'm straight *buzzin*
CUBS POWER HEY HEY
68 degrees and wind out. Get ready out on Waveland.
I fucking love it when Grandpa is behind the plate.
Seager the only guy I'm terrified of
Alright, I can officially say fuck Corey Seager for now.
Buck plz shut the fuck up about 1st inning hits
I can't believe the Dodgers play LF in when KB is at bat with this wind
I'm more concerned about the Dodgers bullpen than tonight's starter. 
What the fuck was that camera 
[deleted]
come on addi get something going this series
I hope they give Lester that two inches outside strike
#I NEED SOME DP RIGHT NOW
Someone give this man some DP.
/u/unfortunatelylawless are you ready for this majestic DP?
I'm probably going to finish this bottle of Wild Turkey before the 5th if I h...
How can a national broadcaster have such a clear bias against a team?
If Lester throws to first even 1 time, the Dodgers entire game plan would change
Ross to Lester "Don't you worry about the guy on 1st, if he gets too far I'll...
I wish he would throw to first just to shut them up!
This camera angle is stupid

edit: the fish eye lens one 
"It's such a huge deal that Lester won't throw to first"

"All the runners ar...
I FUCKING LOVE THIS NOISE
#Nats3rdBaseCoach
Jesus that's a slow fuck.
Gonzalez is extremely slow lol. He even had a huge leadoff
That was as bad as the Werth send.
That was a horrible wave home by the third base coach holy shit
Lester is hittable today, hope he can grind it out 
Ehh, he started kinda the same vs the giants, he will settle down.
I don't know how you guys stay so calm.  Help me people. 
Dodgers 3rd base coach caught whatever the Nat's 3rd base coach had... I'll t...
I can't believe they sent him. Ross looked almost insulted.
Beautiful throw to home
That was a terrible decision.  There's no way Gonzalez should have tried for ...
Wtf is this life alert commercial
I thought I changed the channel by accident...
To a horror movie or something that woman looked like she was drowning in the...
Fuggit if Heyward can make important plays this postseason who gives a shit i...
Jason "Big Dick" Heyward
#JAY HEY! WHAT A WONDERFUL TIME OF DAY! WHERE WE LEARN TO WORK AND PLAY! AND ...
Infield in on Baez?
Better put some hockey gear on.
It's kinda scary when javy baez is your 7 hitter isn't it? 
OH BABY A TRIPLE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6PbdJiAK84
I hated baez during the nlds for obvious reasons but I actually love this guy...
# RESPECT 180
Javy Baez even bunts like he wants to hit a dinger
HOLY FUCK BAEZ WHAT A HUSTLE
Baez is superhuman. There's a reason he's a fan favorite. The guy straight ou...
BLOOP HITS AND AGGRESSIVE BASERUNNING YEAH GO CUBS
BAEZ FOR MVP
http://i.imgur.com/3FEgwh2.png
They hate us cuz they anus?
They hate us cuz they anus.
Dodgers just got BABIPed
My hat fell behind the couch after that blooper. It's probably lost forever o...
That look on Maeda's face says 'I know I'm getting got'
I DEMAND A LESTER HR.
this is just too good
BAEZ STOLE HOME HOLY SHIT
He stole home!
#FUCK THE WEST COAST
I REALLY HOPE THIS SETS THE MOOD FOR THE REST OF THE SERIES
JESUS CHRIST.  JAVY IS ABSURD.
lol did he just steal home? Sandlot'ing these guys. 
JAVY MAGIC
**THE ABSOLUTE FUCKING MADMAN**
Pack it up boys. We'll never be as good as Javy at anything. 
JAVY JAVY JAVY
I was going to stay off the thread tn, but im just checking in to express my ...
Last time someone stole home plate in a LCS? Anyone?
Probably a long time ago.
The legend of Javy Baez just keeps growing....
You know that Javy is a fucking amazing because Joe Buck of all people is com...
Holy shit what an inning 
Baez with the video game baseball steal!
I'm thinking we can stop right now, and just hand Javy the keys to the city. :)
Baseball has a well known liberal Baez
_golf clap_
Lulz 
Dodgers strategy: Fake bunts and Big lead offs 
Did Jake go full Belicek with a hoodie and cut off the sleeves?
Game respects game
I just confessed to my husband that I'm in love with the entire Cubs infield....
SEXY DEXY WITH THE GLOVE
#SEXY DEXY
my god Fowler
THIS is how you do an in-game interview. 
Half expected Joe to criticize the line Dex took to that liner 
Can we get back to the game? 
Jakes better to listen to than the announcer duo though. 
Oh my god that defense 
I really like the design on the "We Came to Reign" hoodies.
My moms got my one. They are even better in person. 
I just looked them up, 80 bucks.  Are they real nice quality?
As soft as baby's ass and very well built. 
CUBS putting on a clinic of what it looks like to have huge nuts 
So I'm hoping the "get inside Lester's head" gameplan is abandoned.
Don't worry guys, I'm here now!!
LOL Did we really need to be reminded to that Chapman Vs Rizzo thing?
What a stupid fucking flashback
Another triple would be nice Heyward.
Nope, back to the old Heyward.
Jesus, give the man a break.

Jesus, give the man a break.

They just said the game tomorrow is on at 7 ET? Is that right? Everything els...
It's 8 ET. 7 ET Is probably just their coverage.
Ahh that makes sense
It's 8pm est
Remember that game last year against the Pirates where Pittsburgh challenged ...
My co-worker seriously just asked if the Cubs made it to the World Series las...
[deleted]
I thought *everyone* knew about the Cubs, especially in St. Louis. I honestly...
GIVE THAT MAN A GOLD GLOVE
DICKS OUT FOR DEX
DEXTERITY
Sexy Dexy again!
dexter fowler have my goddamn babies
Fowler again!!!!
Fowler: "Meh."
The real MVP!
Oh Jesus, what a catch!
WELL NOW I HAVE A GIANT BONER THANKS DEX
Fowler GOD **BLESS**
Dex... have my babies
dave roberts shoe endorsement joke fell flat
this kills the belt
He broke he gotdam belt
Fowler's just showing off now. He's tired of Javy getting all the highlights. 
PAY THAT MAN
Win it for Fowler's belt tonight!!
We have a helluva team here, sports fans!
My boy Dex is locking it down out there tonight.
Lol damn we gotta make at least a run at retaining dex 
Big difference between the circumstances that led to broken belts for Dex and...
Dude in the Marlins jersey seems to be lost. 

Edit: I get it, he's famous fo...
He doesn't go to Cubs, he goes to playoffs. All sports, great seats. 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marlins_Man
Lost in 2003?
Wants to scrap with Pink Hat Guy
You're kidding right?
Are you serious? That's Marlins man, he knows exactly what he's doing 
Why did you reply to me?
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ 
He must be new here. 
She, and first time actually watching a game due to having no cable! Usually ...
He does all playoffs, it's not a Cubs thing. He'll be right behind home plate...
He got blown here.

OVER here. Got blown over here. 

EDIT: Here being CHICAG...
That's Marlins man. He's right where he needs to be
He's walked Jon Lester... twice.
Is that 2 walks for Lester?
Even Lester thought that was a strike
Haha that was definitely a strike 
Hey! Pink hat guy is here too!
He's almost never not. When someone sits there in his place they sometimes we...
what a close-up
Maeda's postseason has been a dumpster fire, I'm amazed he has lasted into th...
Fowler just needs to break in his new belt. That's all
Schwarber is pumped and happy for his teammates.
No worries, Bill fuckin' Murray is here!!
Aw yeah, Len's in the radio booth right now too. That's the good stuff. 
That Brunette behind Bill Murry though
my god the Cubs defense is a brick wall
Not locked in?

Are we watching the same game?
You mean to tell me that Joe Buck does not currently have an addiction to hai...
Holy Joe Buck fivehead Batman 
david ross using a pokedex
Damn, thought that was a popup....
That was a pop up. 
THROW IT BACK
That means Wrigley owes us one, right?
To be fair the KB RBI probs wouldntve been an RBI without the wind.
Fuck wind
Meh, that really didn't look all that well hit. Just carried in the wind. We ...
Pedro Baez is in.  If you need to take a bathroom break, you can probably do ...
Human fuckin' rain delay 

Fuck Pedro
#YOU AND ME WE GOT BAD BLOOD
When will Rizzo find his stroke?

( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 
Rizz, come on, please warm up :(
come on rizz, we need something from you
We need some Baez-on-Baez action here
He'll be fine everyone. 
Me 8 minutes ago: I'll wait until after the inning to get a fresh beer...


M...
Oh this ball is at my face? I'll swing 
hitting the ball and losing the bat, well, *it's hard to do*
Why can't we have more guys like Buehrle who didn't waste this much time betw...
Wouldnt mind ejecting pitchers for taking too long between pitches. Seriously...
Is it wrong that I almost want Russell to get out so that this inning is over...
This game is gonna end at midnight if Baez pitches another frame.
I feel like I should go back to the wedding.......I'm so sorry friends 😭
:(

at least check updates on your phone every now and then
Plz no, last time you left I was sad :(
No... no, you stay where you are
You're skipping a wedding to watch?
#Fite me
Kinda nervous about the wind blowing out.
It's blowing out for us too.  It's time for us to hit some dongs 
Especially the way the middle of the order is striking out. Cubs aren't takin...
I hate this Kars 4 kids commercial!
It's worse when you find out what that "charity" is for.
I'll go look it up post game but I always think it's a scam
Their stated goal is to convert kids they think should be Jewish to Judaism. ...
That's....hmmm....well I didn't see that coming
Yeah... spreading their religion isn't exactly what they let on in their comm...
?
It's some sort of Orthodox Jewish organization isn't it? Can't recall exactly...
yes. I wish they were more upfront with their religious goals rather than mak...
ONE EIGHT HUNDRED KARS FOR KIDS
Lolololol thanks for reminding me of it :-P
877*
thats wrong

you obviously need to listen to the jingle 1000 more times
I lol'd really loud to this one.  Scared the cat haha
I got a heroin turning into politics commercial
ThumbsUpHeyward.gif
Ah so the helicopter is a FS1 camera chopper. 

WHY HAVEN'T THEY BEEN USING C...
Atta boy Rizz!
Wow! Defense really bailing Lester out. 
DDDDDDDDDDDDD airhorns
At what point does Fox realize the helicopter desperately needs to go 
It's a fox helicopter? You'd think they'd at least know how to mix the sound ...
yes, they have been doing aerial shots all night. Even if they fix the broadc...
Probably after people start shooting off RPGs in its general direction...ok m...
This ain't GTA...
OH GOD HE'S STILL IN
Oh fuck Pedro Baez is still in.
At least we know who World Series opponent will be before this inning is over.  
Can somebody explain to me why people dislike Joe Buck? I find him completely...
Chicago fans hate all announcers and think they're all biased against Chicago...
I don't get it either. He has his moments, but he's fun to listen to, persona...
"Unremarkable" is a good word for him. He's made more mistakes in these past ...
Personally, I find that he sounds smug and has a disdain for Chicago underton...
Because he's a salad eating Tardinals fan
I think he tries to appeal too much to the casual fan, so sticks to a lot of ...
i bet baez wins this AB
FOX ain't havin Pedro
Good job Lester
Can one of you convince Rizzo to switch back to DirecTV?
Lester's absolutely pissed
Early hook for Lester. I'd be pissed too.
Lester looks pissed. I don't blame him.
He'll be back if there's a game 5. Should be well rested.
Joe will make us understand
Nope. Don't like that decision one bit.
Lester's got straight bitch face, he is not happy. 
With how our pitchers have been hitting, I bet you could've left Lester in lol
Hip Hip, Jorge!
Love ya Joe but that was a silly gamble. The odds of Soler doing much there a...
This is the second commercial with a zip line.  I think I want to go zip lining.
Shaka-brah!
After seeing that news story about the girl who lost her legs zip lining, I'm...
Aww, she could use a hand getting out of Ohio. Me too commercial lady, me too. 
So sick of Skip and Shannon. Fuck em both 
Please continue to make me look like an idiot for doubting you Travis

Edit: ...
"Skip and Shannon going head to head on the hottest sports topics" yeah ok, F...
So far I'm loving FS1 coverage.  This sidebar with the game showing during co...
Just need better broadcasters
100% agree with you on that, Joe Buck/Smoltz combo is pretty rough. 
Carl Edwards Jr. will forever be called "Hardee's"


Blargh, it's ok stringbean I still love ya!
ugh i dont want drama
I hate that combination of words... "Tying run coming up to the plate"
Really want the offense to play some FUCK THE CLOSER in the bottom of this in...
Joe may be a Mad Scientist, but he's our Mad Scientist.
They were hitting Lester hard. That combined with the better chance of gettin...
I'm loving playoff Monty
Even with all those pitching changes, still took less time than painfully wat...
29% battery.....not even 10 pm. Fuck. 
13 here
Same
Noooooo.
Sacrificing myself friend 😭
RIP.
Chelios chilling with Eddie Vedder.
rizzo dong please
This umpire is dog shit 
Any time now, Rizzo
That looked better off the bat. Oh well.
I hate when camera angles make me think a ball is on the way out and it's jus...
Okay. I'll vote no on 61.  Oh wait...
I don't want to see Chapman in the 8th inning. Let Strop do his thing as setu...
WTF...strike zone got squeezed bigtime.
The 8th inning. Always the fucking 8th!
What a good time for the Cubs to get a triple play 💁
Triple play inbound.
AAGH Bryant that was not the right play, damnit
THJAT PLAY SCARES THE FUCK OUT OF ME
Bryant is pissed. 
FUCK. that was a seriously unfortunate play at third. Glad KB is aiight tho. ...
8th inning Chapman with runners on base has never once been successful.
If he throws it to second Utley would have tried to break Baez's leg
I remember this working out well last time right?...
I swear in an interview Maddon said he wasn't going to bring Chapman in the 8...
Three straight Ks. Chapman, you can do it.
105 HEATER GET REKT
SHUT THE FUCK UP JOE BUCK
#SHUTUP JOE BUCK
E TU TARP?!
[deleted]
Switch to radio.
Hes even worse in the NFL if you can believe it
Interesting comment about Bartman, Buck, would you like to talk more about hi...
#PUIGVERYLATE
Joe Buck is a walking talking wet fart
Welcome to baseball everyone. Hold onto your butts.
Okay we got the bottom of this and the 9th, we can fucking win this game!! We...
hmm i'm going to refresh this thread before this next pitch, what could go wr...
You must also be streaming. 
the "go" in fox sports go stands for "go fuck yourself"
 alright time to tack on a few more
Just means we are going to see some late inning magic. We will be fine.
This is fun! We got this!
This is not fun
Are you sure?
Has everyone forgotten the magic of Game 4? It's not over yet.
No reason to think we can't get this done
# RALLY TIME BITCHES
Zobrist. 60% of the time, it works every time.
Jesus Fox fire your audio guy.
Thanks a lot, Russell. He is really killing us. 
Walking Hey for Baez? I'll take that
Walking to get Baez?

Fucking BALLSY.
Holy shit make them pay Baez
Walking Heyward to get to Baez? It's bold...
Walking Heyward O.o, I mean, I understand wanting a chance at the DP but you ...
#ITS STONE COLD STEVE AUSTIN UP TO BAT
CHAPMAN GRANDSLAM
Surprised that they didn't put Miggy in for Ross. That leaves Chapman's spot ...
This is one of those epic USA vs Russia chess matches from the past
I hate to second guess Joe because he's the fucking man, but it's almost like...
ha
This is why Joe has his job and I have mine... nowhere near a baseball stadiu...
We would be scoring way more if Addi or Rizzo were just fucking average 
MONTERO GRAND SLAM!!!!
**BASED MIGGY**
LOL MONTERO I LOVE YOU I TAKE BACK EVERYTHING 
MIGGY FUCKING MONTERO YOU BEAUTIFUL MOTHERFUCKER!!!!
MIGGY
FUCK YES!!!!!MIGGY!!!!!!!!!
HOLY FUCKING SHIT
#MIGGY

#WEAREGOOD
Holy Fucking Shit 
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
MIGGYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!
3 catchers tho!
MIGGGGGGGGGY HOLY SHIT
FUCKING A RIGHT HELL YEAH MIGGY OH MY GOD


NICE TRY ROBERTS WALKING THOSE TWO
I'M NEVER DOUBTING JOE AGAIN!!!!!! YESSSSSSS!!!!
#OH MY GOD 
Hahahaha YA'LL PLAYED YO SELFFS!!!!
Hey guys, I think I'm OK with putting Miggy in over Wilson... 
I cannot even believe that just happened
MONTERO IS A FUCKING GOD AMONGST MEN. 
WE ARE GOOD!
Miggy! MIGGY! Miggy! MIGGY!
All the Miggy haters can eat all the dicks!
... holy shit ...
MIGGY IS LIFE.

I said to my dad before that pitch "lets make it 9 home runs
DEX WANTS SOME TOO!
CUBS MAGIC
DEX!!!
FOWLER!!
GET FUCKED LA
#BACK2BACK GOT DAMN 
# KEEP IT COMING!
#I LOVE BASEBALL 
Well Dodgers, at least ya got Chapman out, right?
WHAT WERE YOU FUCKERS SAYING?
DONGS FOR EVERYONE
My God I've jizzed myself uncontrollably 
FOWLER WITH THE FUCK YOU RUN
DEXY!!!!
Sexy Dexy is Sexy!!
I can't even describe how happy I am right now
FOWLER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BACK TO BACK JACKS
This has been a really tough season for Miggy. This is so awesome.
My heat is in my throat.  I can't comprehend what is happening.  And now we'r...
B2B!!!!!!!!!!!!!
HOLY FUCK 
  
THATS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU TRY TO OUTSMART JOE
I love this team so fucking much
Thank you, Cubs.  THANK YOU!  :D
FUCK YEAH BOYS LETS FUCKING ALL TAKE A SHOT RIGHT NOW LETS GOOOOO FUCK YEAHHH...
Again  **WTF** damn
We want 3, We want 3
I take back everything I said negative about Montero June and July. 
Holy fuck that gave me a boner.
MONTERO YOU SEXY MF. I'M DEAD. I'VE OFFICIALLY DIED AND GONE TO HEAVEN. 
SEXY DEXY
BACK TO BACK JACKS MOTHER FUCKERS. 
holy shit I just realized that was another HR and not a replay
OH...MY...GOD 

I don't know if any of you guys remember me from Game 4.   Bu...
HISTORY IS BEING MADE AND I'M TOO DRUNK TO HANDLE IT
FULL CHUB 
I dont know how to handle this. I was literally just rolling around on the fl...
I DIED AND WENT TO BASEBALL HEAVEN. I LOVE THIS TEAM. I LOVE ALL OF YOU. I LO...
Soooo, what's your reply Bryzzo? We can't have Montero and Fowler out doing u...
#wearegood
I CAN'T BREATHE
Pour it on!
That's an iconic image - Baez yelling at that grand slam to get out of here
i think i just hurt my wrists clapping so hard
#YA FUCKING BLEW IT, HIT THE ROAD
I am literally losing my shit right now what an amazing inning I love this te...
I HAVE A MEDICAL NEED FOR BAEZ CELEBRATING THAT GRAND SLAM
WHY DO WE EVEN QUESTION JOE? 
http://i.imgur.com/XnoYXxY.png 

Dodger fans detected in this GDT
#\#MIGUELMONTEROISMYSPIRITANIMAL
Well, how about that? Something cracked. And it was the sound of our bats.
The foundation of Wrigley with that noise level after that dong
I FUCKING LOVE MIGGY
Rizzo. Man :( 

I mean on the plus side, we're still sitting pretty, but I wa...
Dodgers aint up to snuff on these Cubs, YEAH!
Things I don't want to run back:
  
The Whole Thing
Oh the dodgers tied it up? Here's 5 more runs.  What now bitches?
lol, you all remember when Rondon was our closer? 
He was great.
He was quite good yeah.
He was fantastic so yes
Member Antonio Alfonseca
This reminds me of that time I reminded myself of Joe Borowski
# RALLY HELICOPTER MOTHERFUCKERS
Just setting up the celebratory double play 
THE LAST GRANDSLAM AT WRIGLEY IN THE POST SEASON WAS IN 2008 AND IT WAS THE D...
EYBS

EIGHT YEAR BULL SHIT
It's like poetry, it rhymes
I feel so wrong getting mad at Rizzo, but...fuck, man. 
Let Baez get that ball Rizzo
Montero's first ever post season home run. Ron and Pat suspect it may have be...
[deleted]
Grand slam - was excited when typing. 
Well theres only been 3 total 
2 more outs.  Just two more outs boys! Let's get it done.
DON'T COUNT OUTS
Don't fuck around. Just get 3 outs and let's get out of this
#It is 3am. I am up (but groggy).
Good morning. Welcome back to the Baez show.
#DESIGNATED HITTER MORE LIKE DESIGNATED SHITTER?
What is the point of this helicopter? One aerial shot for 3.5 hours of the fu...
JUST FUCKING THROW THE BALL
The Cubs are 3-0 when I drink Old Style. Soon to be 4-0. 
Lol apparently I'm a white knight now for defending Joe
People are being stupid again
That's dumb, it worked out quite well...
joe wont have sex with you ya know
not with that attitude
:(
Ok seriously guys, it's going to be fine. Step away from the knives... 
eat a fucking cock joe buck
GET YOUR MINDS RIGHT MOTHERFUCKERS. WE GOT EM.RIGHT WHERE WE WANT EM
Tied?  I'd rather be up a few runs. 
BITCH I SAID GET YOUR MIND RIGHT. 
Too many La-Z-Boy managers. Obviously, Joe has every tendency for opposing hi...
^^^ the right answer. Lester was tagged a lot tonight but our defense was exc...
The defense has been playing out of their minds. Dex was basically a black ho...
You're right. It's just so weird to see an ace pulled at 77 pitches.
Settle down jon. You got this
Hendricks/Kershaw, then g3 is Jake/???
[deleted]
I heard Hill
Jesus Joe...  

"W flags are everywhere.  Outside the art institute. Carved i...
I feel like Anthony needs to be moved down in the order until his bat wakes u...
#MIGGY WITH A GRAND SLAM!!!
DON'T FUCKING COCK TEASE ME
I would never!
#I CAN NOT BELIEVE THIS HOLY SHIT THIS IS NOT REAL!
Shouldn't have taken Lester out so early. 

I was against it then, I'm agains...
OH MAN OH MAN HERE WE GO
Im so hyped i can feel it, deep down in my plums.
Just watched the NLCS hype video on the Metra into the city and it was all I ...
Yoooo just got my growler filled lets go!
Fowler's Growlers
Checking in from MD. Let's go Cubs! 
www.espn.com/mlb/stats/team/_/stat/batting/seasontype/2/split/31

Dodgers wer...
Did you [see this?](http://archive.is/xtuka) If you can, make sure to listen ...
Fuck Joe buck. And Smotlz just likes to hear himself talk, doesn't usually ad...
That game, and the Dodgers winning, turned me off baseball for a few years. I...
Let's fucking crush em tonight. No mercy. 
Alright boys, I'm headed to my first playoff game. Undefeated 5-0 on the seas...
I grew up in Iowa and as a kid and teenager (and even through college) I was ...
Welcome back.
Thanks, just um.... don't do the thing when I was actually 10 years old. Just...
I LIKE TURTLES
I think if I were to try to make an objective non biased prediction on this s...
turns out drinking since 11am isn't as easy as I remember. power through. GO ...
Woo! Wind blowing out, let's see a KBOOM early
[Clark and Addison street cam live feed](http://www.earthcam.com/usa/illinois...
Oh shit. I think I love Pete Rose now.
I'm at dominos ready to pick up and then we gonna win this baby. 
smh you're not going to tell us what you're getting?
didn't even ask if any of us wanted any either wtf
Bacon and pepperoni of course
I approve
He's getting Dominos
A-Rod just wants everyone to hate him or something... predicts the Cubs win t...
Let's fucking go!
LET'S GOOOOOOOO
Please let first inning Lester be good tonight. Please baseball gods.
Press E for Freedom
E
#EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE...
Joe Buck and Smoltz? Ugh
#YOU KNOW THE MUSIC. TIME TO DANCE.
Only person worse than Joe Buck is Hitler
So....Miguel Cabrera?
List of terrible people:          
1) Hitler        
2) Joe Buck           
3...
[deleted]
Anyone related to the Cardinals organization is worse than Hitler
Joe Buck's face symmetry is weird. 
I still like the idea of taking a commentator from each team for the postseason
Would you rather use Len or JD?
Tough choice but I'd have to give the nod to Len. Or let them rotate based on...
Anything to get Joe Buck off of the television
2 channels. 2 announcing crews. Do it.
Wouldn't necessarily work because of TV contracts with each team
I was bumping the fuck out of Homecoming before Game 1 of the NLDS
Wind out? TIME FOR SOME DONGS
I already feel sick to my stomach
MARLINS MAN IS IN THE HOUSE!
So is the wind blowing out good for us our bad?
good when we're at bat, bad when we're not. 
I think it's good, since we have Lester pitching and they have Kenta Maeda
winds blowing out, warm night,  there's going to be some homers tonight boys.
How would umpires huddling be a bad sign?
I'm happy they have the normal camera angle for this series. 
Kershaw starting second in their rotation sounds terrible for them. Especiall...
Over/under on shots of the Moon tonite
 on TV?
Every time they show the moon, finish your drink.
I like 1 pitch ABs!
I like 1 pitch outs 
Damn Seager is hot...
straight up cutie
Okay good, Seager is done for the game
I Love Lester
Oh man, throwing to second vs the Dodgers just scares me now.
# TRIGGERED 
that's how you start it

THAT'S HOW YOU START IT
[deleted]
gimme a yabo KB! 
Bottom of the first and we already have a downvoter, that's how you know we t...
probably some Cardinals fan.

FUCK THE CARDINALS!
#FUCK THE CARDINALS 
I don't know who raps on Kris Bryant's walk up song but it sounds like MC Pee...
Yeah the kids from Kris Kross were like 12.
Not familiar with his work 
Why all the helicopters? 
#KRIS FUCKING BRYANT, 2016 NL MVP
#YOU GO WE GO WOOOO THE COMPANY I'M WITH HAS NO IDEA WHAT'S GOING ON WOOO
Going to a concert tonight, so I can't catch the end of the game.  Let's bury...
Mrs. Zobs making an appearance again
>come in laate because i lost my phone and didnt keep track of time

>we have...
>scored when you weren't here

>didn't score when you are here 

Time for you...
but... but i cleared my schedule for this...

ah fuck it. time to play rocket...
You could play the Show as the Cubs vs the dodgers and pretend you're watchin...
In Joe we trust, but I almost wish he'd move Javy's bat up to this spot.
They're getting good rips on Maeda 
Fox is showing Lethal Weapon rn and this is on FS1. Wat
The show or the movie? 
The show
Oh. Lame.
Desperate to launch FS1 as a ESPN competitor.
Yeah, what the heck? Is this entire series on FS1? How does that make sense?
I don't know man. These tv execs must know something I dont
I would very much like to see Addi and Rizzo get going offensively. 
wish they'd show regular season stats next to playoff stats.
Pink hat guy vs Marlins man. Who wins?
Ron Coomer mentioned that the Cubs never lead in the NLCS last year. Off to a...
Ty BABIP gods.
who cares about what this guys dog was doing? what the hell?
Hey, does Jon Lester throw the ball to first very often?
This is so useless, Smoltz jammering on about Gonzalez running on Lester like...
I could go for a hidden ball trick at some point in this game. Baez could pro...
This is a really tight strikezone
They seem to always be for the cubs, every post season every game.

I don't r...
We're not cubes. 
Not really
I already can't handle Joe Buck and this is only 2 innings into Game 1. 
Ok I'm hard. 
WERTH 2.0
Why the fuck did they send him? Because it was Zo and he's not an OF normally?
#NICE DEFENSE GRANDPA
What a dumb send
Why did he even try? He runs like he has lead in his shoes
SOMEONE IS SETTING OFF FIREWORKS IN MY TOWN ALREADY
After all that talk about Gonzalez running on Lester he gets thrown out by 3 ...
I knew as soon as it dropped in shallow left we'd beat him to the plate. Best...
I have no opinion on Joe buck   ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I hope Joe Buck dies before the rest of this series is played.
Talk more shit about Heyward, Joe Fuck.
when Heyward is hitting you know it's a good night!!!!
# HEYWARD GOT AN EXTRA BASE HIT, BRING IN THE DANCING LOBSTERS 
Keep trashing us Joe Buck. You'll only make us stronger. FUCK. OFF.
Easy ass position to score now. Are you guys even breaking a sweat? 
I havent been in here since game 3 because the collective fear was getting to...
And I wanted him out of the lineup today
Talk more trash about heyward, I dare ya. 
This game is McDonald's; I'm lovin' it. 

\- Pete Holmes
Even bunting Baez has stupid fast bat speed.
"Inflield in"
"Javier Baez is batting"
Lol ok
Bad at bat by Javy but a hell of a result
Please bring your infield in more
LOL how the fuck did he get to second?
One day I'm gonna tell my kids to sit down.... And I'll tell them the story o...
DAT BLOOP
Baez is the fucking man.
Lucky, but we will take it lol
After 71 years, I will take all the luck we can get.
Amen brother
Holy fuck he turned that into a double
Are they trying to say Arrieta is our ace right now?
Time for Jon "Ken Griffey Jr" Lester to drive one here 
Heywards been messing around all season and has been waiting for the nlcs and...
#LOLDODGERS
Baez!!! Stealing home!!
Baez, you lucky magnificent motherfucker...
This is Javier Baez's world and we're all just living in it 
Are you kidding me?  Rofl, King Midas Baez!
Dingers? No problem. Steal home in front of the whole world in the NLCS? No p...
Fuckin A Javy!!!
I love Javy so much.
Shits not great when you walk Jonny
Javy you beast
Holy tits. Javier the savi-er. 
THAT WAS FUCKING AWESOME
What's the rule with blocking the plate? 
Holy fuck. You don't see that everyday. Go Baez.
fuuuuuuck I love this team
Rest of the Cubs should just think WWJavyD
Bi for Baez! 
Maeda is the only pitcher I've ever seen with a 'how could this get any worse...
baez will show you at his next AB
[deleted]
i'm gay for baez
hit one out kb
Holy shit Baez 
Javy for leader of the world
Jake's commentary is gold
I wish I had a beard as luscious as the President's.
Damn solid catch Dex
HOL-EEEEE-SHIT 
Literally everything is going our way so far. NICE DEX
Holy Christ that was a nice catch!
lol jake 
Great inning from the defense and Lester! Needed that
Amazing defense that inning.
Is there a helicopter directly over wrigleyville right now? 
Emergency medical airlift for the Dodgers' pride 
Evidently, sure sounds like it.  Distracting 
That D
So far, Jake's right - nothing but fun!
I'm sad I missed Jake's interview because I'm listening to Pat & Ron.
Rizzo please
Rizzo still struggling smh
I'm sorry Rizzo but you missed that by 2 feet
Come on, Rizz, need you to get going bae
damn i do not remember that Rizzo vs Reds scuffle
[deleted]
I still believe in you, Russell.
Wow that was a real bad call
Challenge the FUCK outta that. 
[deleted]
Looks like they did.
Addi is safe. Hope we can make Maeda throw 5-6 more pitches this inning.
How about just 1? :(
Ahhhh the old "sabermetrics won't win every time" schpiel

Edit: how does one...
HOLY SHIT DEXY!
DEXTER
Unreal.  
PAY THAT MAN
DEX YOU BEAST!!!!
Fowler, holy shit.
SEXY DEXY
WOW DEXTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Broken belt and all!
Dex, holy shit!
Fowler gettin it DONE!!
Dex broke his belt on that dive
RIP Fowler's belt
He can fly.... Way to go Dex
Dexter's defense tonight is unreal.
This team is so fucking good in all aspects. Wow.
I bid $50 for the broken belt.
Watching on a stream and reading these comments makes me wonder what kind of ...
dont have any :)
that HPV stuff from before was really questionable
Commercials that make me question what a marketing or advertising degree even...
LESTER DONG, IT IS TIME
Fowler buddy "you" gotta lose some weight 
What kind of beer is everyone drilling? I've got some Lagunitas little sumpin'
Gumball Head
vodka 
Had a two hearted ale 
Bud Light. 
that's a solid beer but out in PA i don't think i can get it

i just have a g...
Guinness
Root beer
Hey, at least nobody's complaining about Dexter's wardrobe malfunction :) Put...
96% efficiency. Unreal.
LESTER DONG PLEASE
I've been there on the Kennedy expwy
Some would say you're still there
Maeda is scared of elite hitter Jon Lester. 
Lol what a shitty ball 4 call. 
I like Maeda's disposition. Seems like a chill guy.
Just kinda laughing at that call.  I like it.  
Man Lester hasn't even had an at-bat today. Damn. Our offense needs to pick i...
YOUR LOVE IS FADING
That was a bad call, but I'll take it.
What a shit call
Just gonna "talk" aka letting the bullpen get warm. Come on Dexxy, keep that ...
Wow, that was definitely a strike
Lester looked shocked that the ump called ball 4. 
any game where you can see fowler get struck out and not be all that upset is...
Some stellar D to ight
Did Joe Buck get punched in the mouth?  He's hiding his lips that looked beat...
Yes Dodgers, keep bunting and maybe it will eventually lead to a guy on base....
Where's Vince Vaughn you sons of bitches? Also, I'd bet Rachel is there...  W...
This game reminds me of 2008, except we are the Dodgers 
How did Bryant's not go out?
STUPID BASKET! 

Take it down for the top of the inning.
Poop
Let's get it back from their bullpen!
lmao that looked like a pop fly
Damn the wind!!

I was **so** sure Dexter had that easily.
I was hoping he would dive into the bleachers
New belt held him back.
Well poop. That was just bad luck.
Silly wind. 
#Okay can we not sit on the 3-0 lead. Let's get some more runs!!!
If they can do that, we KNOW we can do it better.
Now we know there's some wind blowing out up there.
I assume this is going to be another midnight game again with Pedro Baez in
I wanna look at more dongs.
Pedro Baez 😅🔫
Wooooooow walking Bryant already? Hopefully we keep them tilted. 
Cubs' Baez > Dodgers' Baez
Talking about the homer from the other team. Joe Buck bias confirmed
Back from my Uncle's 70th BDay party... Looks like I've missed some good Cubs...
now would be a great time for rizzo to wake up
It's gonna be ok, Rizz always comes through.
Nm 
In the case of Baez pitching, I don't mind having a pitcher timer.
Now let's look over to Lester's head for 30 seconds 
Haven't seen one of Addi's flying bats lately.
I'm just glad Baez isn't a starter with how long it takes him to pitch.
My god Baez so slow putting me to sleep.  
Fucking throw the ball pedro
World series will be over before Baez finishes this inning.
What hat is Bill Murray wearing?
Lol did someone get a helicopter to hover over and watch the game?
tickets are expensive!
fuck this pitcher 
No more Pedro Baez please. 
I'm back!  Of course during the NLCS my internet goes down.  
Announcer is just having the hardest time being positive about the Cubs.
Joe Buck hates Chicago. 
Joe Buck is a covert Cubs/Chicago sports team hater. His father, Jack Buck, c...
Can't imagine why 
This might be a dumb question, but could the air disturbance from the helicop...
Only if it were basically hovering over the stands by inches and probably not...
a quick Google search says typical altitude is 8,000 feet, so, no.
Lol no
Haha ok, just wanted to make sure
It'd have to be directly over the field and pretty damn low. 
Just make sure to cheer on your teammates :D
Did NOT see that username coming.
Oh hey
I hate that helicopter.
why don't they have a fucking blimp! i am having PTSD and was never in 'nam
Also we can hear the same chopper over the apt. and I have lived in really ba...
Michelob Ultra game summary?  Gross.
I'm like "Baez got it...Rizzo?!?!?"
[SHRIEKING]

#DE. FENSE. (CLAP CLAP)

#DE. FENSE. (CLAP CLAP)
So many dives
Our defense gives me boners
But nah, we should bench Rizzo.
hey baez again

im gonna take a nap between pitches, someone wake me up if he...
Fucking wind couldn't help us that time...
>[Baez] is the hottest guy in this lineup

*I'll say...*
BAEZ WINS
OUR BAEZ IS BETTER!!!
#A LICKY BOOM BOOM DOWN
Baez has been raking ever since he nixed that leg kick...
Javy Baez is best Baez.
Baez (CHC) > Baez (LAD)
Good Baez defeated evil Baez
LOL Joe Buck is TRIGGERED
LA's pitcher is such a tool
Big props to Buck for not pulling punches on the Pedro Baez situation here.
I disagree here, but I'm not manager
I do not like taking Lester out yet :(
TIME FOR SOME SOLER POWER BOYS
Holy crap. Pulling Lester while he's absolutely rolling?
Soler better have a solar flare here then I'm fine with pulling Lester out. 
Worried about this move.

But lol at Joe Buck making up a bullshit narrative.
Lester is annoyed. 
OTOH, we may need him well rested by game 5
Another fifteen pitches wouldn't have had affected that at all 
Taking out Lester, in my opinion, is a mistake :(
aww. Lester's done? :(
After reading over the comments, so glad I'm listening to the radio broadcast...
Trust Joe Maddon 
He has earned the right of trust

I dislike it, but a lot of hard hits off the bat. There were 5-6 outs that co...
Damnit...Also lol, the Dodgers didn't get Lester out, it was a calculated dec...
What a waste.
HOLD ME IM NERVOUS
I really wish Jorge would've got a knock there. I guess i have learned not to...
Strop/Rondon/Chapman probably? 
Meh. I get the reasoning there. Joe took a gamble and lost.
Also did everyone forget we have Strop/Rondon/Chapman?
I can see us going with Wood for 2 innings then into Chapman.
The Rondon step has been kinda iffy 
CJ/Wood/Zas then
8th inning PTSD
Yeah but Lester
Come on Burgers. Let's keep the bullpen hot.
It's always better to take a guy out an inning/batter early  than an inning/b...
oh ffs did we learn nothing from game 3 of the DS
This umps zone isnt perfect but its consistent and thats the most you can ask...
I love CJ. 

Potential starter? I think so
Potential closer imo
Yeah, I'd rather see him as a starter though personally. Rondon is just fine ...
Either or, tbh
Yeah I see him as a future closer for this team.
there we go string bean
Not a good 3-2 there :(
Not a fan of just letting the relievers get one out but I'm too drunk at this...
Eddie Vedder :D my first concert was a PJ concert!
I just saw PJ at Wrigley and when they played "All the way" I cried so hard.
I live up near Boston so they'll never play that here :(
Joe knows
poor dude fist bumping open palms, I feel ya man
That's Robert Plant.
That's Eddie Vedder. 
oh damn you're right
Top of the lineup coming up, let's get the offense rolling again
It's pretty telling all of the Mafia 3 quotes are from sites or Youtubers I'v...
Why it would surprise me that Eddie Veder would fist bump an open handed high...
You guys think Monty will stay in?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yes, no one currently warming 
Joc Pederson has Hunter Pence hat
The fuck strike zone is this?
Hey Joe Buck's friend, how's Strasburg's career going?
Very good strike zone tonight I think
Damn you broken bat.
Sick helicopter shot. Glad it's there
Rizzo needs to get his shit together.
fuck im so nervous
Still made good contact though. Rizzo is hopefully warming up. 
Nice contact though Rizzo
Contact was solid too
I don't know why but that inning was really frustrating
Hope Strop is warmed up...
Can't they just make it stress free for me?
not possible
it feels so good knowing we have chapman if all else fails. Also, put in stro...
hey my brother is named after one of those men who sung the stretch!
Come on boys stay positive get a double play let's go
Where is /u/UnfortunatelyLawless? We need a DP!
Bar AT a wedding no doubt
Wedding
Unless it's her wedding you think she would check on mobile. is it her wedding?
No not hers. 

I'm sure she's following the game, but no need to do Reddit. 
Good point.
At a bar I think.
Maybe she's like beetlejuice.../u/UnfortunatelyLawless 
/u/UnfortunatelyLawless 
Wedding. May be passed out.
RIP in pieces.
amateur alcoholic you have to get durnk AT home
Glad it's strop and not Rondon, don't trust that guy yet. 
Wut?

Edit: the Wut is to how you can't trust Rondon after how good he's been...
Rondon had been having troubles since coming off the DL. 
THIS FUCKING ZONE
I WOULD LIKE TO STERAIGHTEN STROPS HAT
He does that I'm memory of his father.
elaborate? link?
How the fuck are you gonna come into the game and walk someone? I can't handl...
2 should have been strikes...
No
one was undeniably
fuck off ump call something...

TRIPLE PLAY TIME BOYS.
So this is what an anxiety attack feels like.
New Cubs fan? :D
Damn I thought he would've slid head first with his glove
Oh great, not like we haven't seen this kind of bullshit in the past...
Well, that sucks.
Terrifying game CONFIRMED
>8th inning Chapman

Fuck
FUCK, Chapman please get this
Ffs
Well it's the 8th inning again
Don't like this at all.
Oh hey look at that its almost like Joe shouldn't play fucking reliever carousel
I am terrified, time for Chapman to demonstrate some mental fortitude here. 
Just remember: BEST RECORD IN BASEBALL. That shit don't come easy. #believe
I don't understand why you don't throw for the force at 2nd in that situation 

The past is the past. Let's see Chapman do his thing and show us why he deser...
Breathe. Breathe. 

It isn't over yet. Yeah, it looks bad, but we still have ...
Chapman allows 30% of inherited runners to score. 
# I AINT AFRAID OF NO FUCKING GOAT
God i wish joe buck would walk off a cliff.
[deleted]
Then again, we kick ass in the ninth.
#FUCK YOU JOE BUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BUCK THE UP SHUT FUCK JOE 
Joe Buck can fuck off
It's gotta hurt to foul tip a 103 MPH pitch
#WHO'S GLEYBAR TORRES?
Apology for poor english.

Where were you when Puig dead?
I can't hear the crowd over the sound of Joe Buck deep throating the Dodgers. 
**ITS THE NEW BELT**
Of course that happened.
damn we blew that big time
FUCK THE EIGHTH INNING
Job#1 is to keep this game tied
if we get out of this inning tied i'll do a backflip into a vat of thickburgers
God fucking damnit.
Holy fuck is this frustrating 
Castrophew.gif but only play half of it
Time for some late inning magic! LET'S GO CUBBIES!!!
Alright time for the bats to wake up!
Ain't over yet folks 
I wish our offense would stop fucking off in the middle innings
I was thinking Maddon was burning thru the bullpen too fast with these change...
I know Grimm is left too, idk about others. The good thing is Z can go multip...
Grimm. 
Grimm I think
Okay, good call. 
Let's go guys, Gonzalez just made a good play.  We can win this at home.
Sucks to give up the lead, but we got this.
We just need to enter this inning with hot bats and we got this
Tied ballgame is a-ok with me in that spot. Fuck this is the 2016 Chicago Cub...
Zobrist is so fucking clutch
Zobrist reminding us why we got him.
they can put the mic on zobrist cause he probably won't swear haha
This team doesn't quit
BENZO GETTIN' SHIT DONE SON
Here we go boys!
**FUCK YEA ZO LETS GET SOME RUNS!**
Let this be a lesson to Joe to not pull his starter when he's dealing for MAY...
If I were to take a stock image of a barbecue, I would definitely use Blanton...
Now would be a great time for Russell to break out of his slump. 
God Damnit Addy
Damn it
Time for Heyward to earn that payday right here
Addi looks lost at the plate
lol walk Heyward to get to Baez?
Russel tried to hard to be a hero there, swing at ball 4 twice
[THIS](http://imgur.com/scovMIr)
Purposely walking Heyward?

That's a first.
I'd never thought I'd see Heyward take an intentional walk this year 
wait wtf?
Baez got this.
>Intentionally walking Heyward

Dodgers deserve to lose.
Oh please walk Heyward. Baez is gonna hit one off the video board
Ja-Vy Ja-Vy Ja-Vy! 
Dumb move, we should make them pay for this
come on for the love of god don't waste a fucking leadoff double
first fucking pitch. 
DONT SWING ON THE FIRST SHITTY FUCKING PITCH
Terrible at bat. Come on now
The on field mics are picking up everything
They had to mute for like 5 seconds because Baez kept swearing haha
Pissed off Baez to stone cold Steve Austin's intro music is oddly fitting. 
**3:16 BITCHES**
Montero? uhhhh Willson?
My god. We get a lead off double and we are struggling to even move him to th...
Fuck them.  Do it, Miggy.
I LOVE YOU MIGGY. I SAW YOU GO YARD IN ATL. MAKE IT HAPPEN CAP'N
Miggy is a clutch hitter though.

GRANNY FOR MIGGY!
NO

NO FUCKING WAY
MY GOD THAT WAS A BEACHBALL DOWN THE PIPE!
MIGGY!!!!!!!!!
MONTERO YOU SON A BITCH!!!!!!! LETS FUCKING GO! 
HOLY SHITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
MIGUEL FUCKING MONTERO YOU CAN FUCK ME
MIGGY!!!!!!
holy fucking shit
#FUCK YES. 
MIGGY!!!!!!!!!!!!
MONTERO!!!! WE ARE GOOD!!!! GRAND SLAM!!!!
LEAN BACK YOU SEXY MOTHER FUCKER!!!!!!! WE ARE GOOD!!!!
MIGGY!!!!!
LET'S FUCKING GO MONTERO
#FUCK YES
I'M A FUCKING PIGGY FOR MIGGY!

OINK!  OINK!

NONE OF THIS MAKES SENSE BUT FU...
Nope, I don't believe it yet
MIGGY
WHAT

I CAN'T EVEN

I


WHAT 


HOLY SHIT!
HOLY MOTHER OF FUCK.
DID THAT REALLY HAPPEN!!
Thank you Harry
MIGGYT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!...
WOW!!!!!!!!!!
Out managed you say?
Trust in Joe!!!!!!!
MOTHERFUCKING MONTERO!

LET'S FUCKING GOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!...
DON'T DOUBT JOE!!!
#**ITS ALL JOES FAULT**
What is this feeling? <3 Miggy 
I love this team!
Holy fucking shit
OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
MIGGY
I can't believe that just happened
I love this fucking team 
MIGGY!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!! 
MIGGGGGGGGYYYYYYYYYYYY
FOWPOW!
FUCK YEAH MIGGY!!!!
Woooooo FUCK YEAH!!!!!
I would have Miggy's baby...if I wasn't 60 years old...and a man.
No harm in trying....
#WeAreGood!!!!!!
Roberts be like, "Dafuq???" 
BACK TO FUCKING BACK!
FUCK MY STREAM GLITCHED FOR THIS
Miggy coming up big in the playoffs!
MOTHERFUCKING MIGGY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OH WHT!!!!
HOLY SHIT!!!

POUR IT ONNNNNNNN
And Fowler!
Back to back, BBY!
WHAT IS HAPPENING
DRINK TO THE INTENTIONAL WALKS!!!
I LOVE YOU GUYS
WE GON PLAY THAT SHIT BACK TO BACK. 
Back 2 back bitches!!!
!!!!!!!!!
Is this seriously happening
Back to back!
Fuck off Blanton
Madden entering in cheat codes.   Glad I was wrong lol.  
I'm in the suburbs and I swear I can hear Wrigley from here
NEVER GIVE UP ON THESE CUBS
MIGGY FUCKING SMASH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SHIT YEAH OH MY GOD 
HOLY SHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
WE LOVE YOU MIGGYYYYYYY 
[From: Miggy
To: The Dodgers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lr7CKWxqhtw) 
BACK TO FUCKING BACK. FUCK ALL THE DOUBTERS. WE ARE THE FUCKING GREATEST
Wrigley is rocking so hard it might collapse 
BACK TO BACK!
I don't know what to do with my hands!
THIS IS TOO CLEAN
Miggy! I fucking love you. I love this team. This just made my workout at the...
CHEESUS CHRIST OUR GRATE LORD.
POSTING IN A LEGENDARY GAME THREAD
This is amazing.
BACK TO BACK!!!!!
WHAT IS THIS MADNESS
HOLY FUCKING SHIT
FOWLER BABY OH MY GOD

AND SEXY DEXY. 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

FUCK YES MIGGY I LOVE YOU

Miggy!
lmao whats going on boys.
HOLY FUCKING SHIT
miggy us clutch as fuck
Baseball, you rapscallion
Spilled my drink everywhere!!! Fuck yeah!! 2 in a row!
UNFUCKING BELIEVABLE. THIS IS INSANE 
HOLY SHIT I HAVE THE CHILLS!!!!!
Lmao. Walk us some more. 
AHHHHH THEY'RE ALREADY DEAD STOP SHOOTING THE CORPSE
BACK TO BACK BOMB SHOTS!!
OHHHH GAWDDDDD 
I love Miggy. 
welcome to the fuckin' show
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
😍😍
FUCKING LAUNCHED.

I feel vindicated in my optimism :)
Miggy!!!!!!!!!

and then Dex!!!!!!!!!
B2BB2BB2BB2BB2BB2BB2BB2BB2BB2BB2BB2BB2BB2BB2BB2BB2BB2BB2BB2BB2BB2BB2BB2BB2BB2...
Omg omg omg!!   My knee might have buckled a few times and I don't care if my...
And Fowler's HR just icing on the cake!!!!
Just as we suspected going into this inning: it's a 5-run ballgame.
Poor Joe Blanton
They ain't wasting any more pen arms on this game lel.
HOLY FUCK YES!
Holy shitt!! Heart is pumping!!!
Dave Roberts fucked up
Too good...too friggin good boys!!!!!
THAT'S WHY YOU DON'T WALK COBRA
Guys these are tell your grandkids type plays
I just died. Fuck yeah Miggy!
Fuck all you doubters tonight! And I can breathe again! Never give up,  never...
HAVE MY BABIES
I'm just so at a loss. Just. Wow.
Just screamed myself hoarse again but worth it!!!! Cardiac Cubs will never di...
Omfg mingy
I hope this never ends!
I WANT TO HAVE BRYANT'S BABIES.
When was the last Cubs-Dodgers series at Wrigley?
HOLY SHIT THIS IS AMAZING!!!!!
HIT THE ROAD JACK
AND DON'T YOU COME BACK
NO MORE NO MORE NO MORE NO MORE
NO MORE
CHOO CHOO MOTHERFUCKERS
Video of Baez watching home runs: #PRICELESS
THROW IN THE TOWEL, GET EM OUTTA HERE
I think the ivy might be the MVP of this game. 

Also, fuck you Cusack. 
John?
for real, fuck you Cusack. 

I used to work at a place where he came in regul...
at least you provided the iron-clad reference
I don't know if he's awful in bed. He may have that going for him. 
What's wrong with Cusak??
He's the worst kind of bandwagon fan. 
Bryant should've knock that out the park smh lol

bust
We don't quit!!!!
More like Joe Blandon

Please Hector make it easy for us
You've got to be kidding me. I'm
Sitting here in shock 
That inning was fucking insane!
I think Joe knows baseball 
Why contreras and not Montero catching?
I feel like Contreras always catches for closers 
I think Montero is still dealing with a bad back and they want to keep him fr...
Ah yes, he broke it from CARRYING THIS FUCKING TEAM ON IT THIS GAME FUCK YEAH
What's with the helicopter?
What Helicopter? 
Every once in awhile you'll hear the blades of a helicopter likes it's just b...
Haha, I'm just messing with you. It's been distracting since like inning 4.
Lol. I didn't pick the game up till the 7th so I only heard it from there on
I know I'm not a regular poster here, but this sub is awesome. Let's win this...
2nd cubs pitcher to fall on 1st base this postseason
Rizzo should really stay home on those, we've got Baez at second after all
got to let baez field that
I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT HAPPENED. AM I DEAD? AM I IN HEAVEN? IS THIS A DREAM?
No, it's Iowa....
Nah, it's just 2016 baby.
People giving Rizzo a hard time for blowing an incredibly difficult play? Tha...
That was clearly not on him
Yes it was.  That's Javy's play
I think the point is that he shouldn't have been the one trying to make the p...
What the hell is wrong with Rizzo this postseason he looks so out of sorts it...
Zastryzny?
Great Scrabble name.
Not against Utley.
Gonna be really fun when Rizz has a 3 HR game this series.
That whole confidence thing. Crap.
It's ok. We got this.
I love being so far ahead that this shit doesn't even matter
C'mon guys let's not do this.
I love Joe, but Maddon got too cute with the bullpen tonight
Rizzo and Russell need to wake up.   Has to be any time now right?  
Rizzo made good contact in the first. Not worried after Game 4 and his first ...
Joe Buck looks like an android's penis.

Dunno what that means. But he does.
thats a strange mental image
And a strange metal image
Human rain delay Pedro Baez coming in.... 
matthew mcconaghey getting inside a buick doesnt make me want to buy a buick
It wouldn't make me either, considering he's advertising for Lincoln
see i cant even be assed to get the company right
Tonight's broadcast is presented by Fuck Joe Buck and the Cardinals! 
He just hates Chicago. And he's a giant headed stroke. 
Javy is establishing himself as a key player going forward and someone who wi...
[deleted]
I might agree with you if the dodgers score this inning
Entire bullpen? Don't worry dude, we deep. 
The entire bullpen? That's what they're there for aren't they?
You have a bullpen for a reason.
We're still winning ain't we.
Game 1 guys, not Game 7.
[deleted]
> Those of you saying it's ok to lose game 1 are wrong.

Oh, did we lose? I d...
He wasn't fooling many... got outs on at least five bullets we just happened ...
The Lester move is irrelevant now. He wasn't going to pitch the 8th no matter...
I don't think any of us said that.
What an amazing way to win a game, but also we REALLY need Rizzo and Addy to ...
One series at a time man.

And guys have slumps. It happens. Someone is ALWAY...
For sure. These are multi-series slumps now though to be fair. 
Is not over yet. Stop it
Was over. Good thing you didn't take the bet. 
It's over bro, c'mon. Put up some money. 
That Ghostbusters movie looks fucking terrible
I still don't get why they made that fucking thing.
I heard it was a huge disappointment.

Like did you have any expectations for...
The amount of you armchair managers thinking Joe is dumb need to get a grip o...
Yeah and some people act like Joe is infallible, he was wrong today. If we go...
No one thinks he's dumb. A lot of us think this was a stupid decision. 
No one thinks he's dumb. A lot of us think this was a stupid decision. 
Luckily they'll never be in charge of the Cubs.
People blaming Chapman like he loaded the bases with no outs
I literally haven't seen anyone blaming Chapman
There's people in here talking about "8th inning Chapman"
You didn't look down far enough
If Chapman gets Grandal out, he did a great job. Can't ask for more
yeah i blame Strop
I blame Joe.
Yeah he shit the bed on this one.
Well you can 
>Going to listen to the radio tonight since I won't be home till ~10:30. Goin...
If Rizzo Rizzes, I Jizzes
I'm a little frustrated that Baez is still hitting behind Heyward and Russell...
R/L/R
This team this year is so fucking fun to watch. Just good fucking team baseba...
Can someone prove that Baez was born on this planet?  I'm starting to believe...
why can't our hitters hit :( 
Fuck. Joe is out managing himself
77 pitches and 1 ER thru 6, We pinch hit for a CY Young candidate with 2 outs...
if buck says that name i will burn his house down
FIRE JOE BUCK 
Come on, you fuckers HAD to know this wouldn't get done with 3 runs scored. C...
God i fucking hate joe buck. Ruins football amd baseball.
Maddon needs to stop with over doing this bullpen. It's stressing me out and ...
FUCK ALL YOU DOUBTERS
Jesus.  I can only laugh at that.

Good game Cubs, we hung as long as we coul...
I LOVE ALL OF YOU FUCKS SO MUCH 
Who's your buddy? Who's your pal? 

Miggie! 
Pat sounds so joyful even doing his obligatory commercials haha.
I left this thread because of all the negativity. This is a good team, there ...
Mets fan stopping by...if we couldn't win this year, lots of us are rooting f...
Maddon's fiddle-fucking around with the bullpen is getting real old
So yeah we should bench Rizzo cause he ain't hitting right? /s
i never said bench him, i said maybe he isn't a good postseason hitter. never...
But I'm so down to talk about his D
that last sentence sounds kinda dirty lol
God fucking Dammit joe! You did this bullshit in game 3 and lost us the game.
Well thanks Joe Madden.  Thanks a lot.  
I think we'll take it in 5. We'll beat Kershaw in game 2 but lose game 3
I'm in Germany with no way to watch until game 4. COME ON CUBS! Let game 4 be...
Any news on the Dodger lineup?
Kendrick LF  
Turner 3B  
Seager SS  
Puig RF  
González 1B  
Ruiz C  
Hernán...
Thanks for delivering.
And Derek Law will be cheering in the dugout.
I wonder who the announcers are for tonight's game on FS1.  Anyone know?
I think it's Joe Buck and Smoltz
I believe it's Joe Buck and John Smoltz
My body is ready, though I will readily admit that I miss day games
Guys I touched a BP homer...that fucking hurts.
Checking in from Germany. 
Make sure the GDT stays on the positive side for me, I'm stuck at work tonigh...
Just opened my first beer and doing homework, can't wait for the game to start.
What kind of homework are you doing that's easier to do with beer?
You've never done homework while drinking beer?
You see, I got a 79/80 on my midterm and now I have a stupid discussion that ...
Grabbed standing room for me and my sister as her bday present. Let's go Cubs...
IM TOO HYPE. BAMA JUST TORE 10ESSEE APART AND NOW IM READY FOR SOME DODGER SL...
Idk how I feel about Pete saying that....
He knows the odds better than most....
Pete rose's Lean game is just too strong for me 
Pac NW here, really hoping the power doesn't go out again during the game…but...
Jersey? ✓

Socks? ✓

Growler full of beer? ✓
Just picked up a growler myself! And some wings!
This Dodger lineup is blowing my mind
This game needs to start
[HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE](http://imgur.com/KWT7rY1)
Jon "could you fucking not" Lester
Freeeeeeeeeereeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Maddon was loving that long note.
That dude looked like he was about to pass out holding that note
Hai guys!
Gross Joe Buck
Nooo. Not Joe buck. Fuck. 
Damn it, Joe Buck.
Joe buck.... Sigh... No not him. Where is Matt V?
GAME TIME GAME TIME GAME TIME
I have to go get a second class of beer already. Gotta try and deal with Joe ...
The hall is rented, the orchestra engaged. It's now time to dance.
LETS GOOOOOOOOO WHO'S READY
Depending on how this game goes with a lefty on the mound, I would at least c...
Just noticed there is a highlight from ALCS game 2?
Baez has become the de facto 2B
Fuck your bunting shit 
The fuck outta here with your bunting.
I know everyone hates Joe Buck, but honestly, I don't think he's all that bad...
Is the green sceen ad not working?
It's an add for the color green
Can't wait for Lester to bust out his wicked good throwing to first skills in...
That's the longest of cons.
Game 7 of the world series and he picks off the runner at first to win it wit...
Atta boy KB.
I wonder who Pink Hat Man is other than some rich Chicago elite.
Lester looks sharp to start
I love how they talk to each other during the play - "you got time, you got t...
Corey Seager is gonna be really fucking good for a really long time 
No hitter and perfect game gone.
No pressure now. Just pitching
I've heard mixed things about Puig, is he struggling that bad?
Anyone else surprised to see Puig batting clean up?
Whatsup with the helicopters?? Am I hallucinating?
Good job Lester. Let's go offense!
Atta boy Dex!
Yup, You Go We Go!
That's what we need Fowler!!!!!
#SEXY DEXY
Atta boy Dex
Just cheered my ass for only a single.

OH YEAH, I'M HYPED.
He goes we goes!
Some very hittable pitches in that AB. Keep throwing those
DEX!!!!! FOLLOW HIS LEAD KB
Binny is relieved
Dex goes, we go! Good start!
I'll take that start.
#HE'S TOO DEXY FOR THIS WORLD
Yeah Dex!
Dex!!
SEXY DEXY
FOWLER GOT A HIT!

What's with the helicopters?
YESSSSSSS
But what really matters is whether or not Fowler's hit still generates $100 f...
# THAT'S HOW YOU START A FUCKING BASEBALL GAME 
#YOU GO WE GO!
#Y E S

I love that little smile KB always gives when he gets a hit.
I SAY K YOU SAY B

#K
#B
TOYS, IT WAS AN AWESOME STORE IN THE MALL BACK IN THE DAY
B
K
#LETS GO MOTHERFUCKERS
Good hit, but damn Joe needs to get on guys for actually sprinting on contact. 
He wasn't gonna make third anyways.
Did you see how long he was half jogging. He might've. It bounced way past wh...
I didn't see the half jogging, but it would have been close either way,it had...
He didn't spring to 1st. He didn't start sprinting until he was almost on 1st...
Yeah. That's some Javier level stuff then.
that wind is going to be huge all game
Rizzo is coming alive this series 
Seems like his pitches just linger over the plate.
well this is a certainly better start than last NLCS 
Still good contact there. 
This is what we need. Good solid hits
Ben, play the new song please
Rizzo looked better in that at bat than he did in Games 1-3 of the NLDS.
Creepy upskirt camera...
What the fuck was that camera angle?
Was that the same pitch Rizz and Zo just hit to basically the same place?
This is where Addi thrives.
Making really solid contact.  This should be fun.
Hitting 'em hard at the very least. 
Sucks about the out, but we're hitting strong already. Let's just keep that m...
That could've gone better, but I won't complain. At least Lester is already p...
i'll take it -  everyone making contact.  No one striking out.  Put the ball ...
Great first inning, let's keep the positive vibes going.  
It's times like these I miss Schwarbombs. I can't wait until he's resurrected
Soon.
I know.  As much as I've loved this season, watching him play was the number ...
That fly over angle was really cool.
Just don't cut it so close to a pitch..
Let's go cubbies!
Knock it off with the camera work. Show us the pitch.
Right?? The problem last time wasn't the straight away shot, it was the camer...
Man it's like impossible to have 123 innings lately.  
JESUS THAT MADE ME TENSE
Send him and grandpa will throw him out 
Bryant can slow down time, he is all powerful
Great play KB!
Jizzed. 
First time we've had a lead in the NLCS since 2003
Since Kerry Woods Gm 7 home run??
Won't be the last, either 
No offense, but this statistic isn't as big as it seems since we were swept i...
Mr. Sparkles always smiles 😁
My Dad keeps asking why the Dodgers have a guy named "Kike" on their team 
My guess is Lester has overcome the pickoff yips, he's just waiting for the p...
Dear jeezus, listening to these assholes makes me long for TBS.
Hey did you know Lester doesn't throw to first base?
It's almost as if these announcers didn't hear about how Ross controlled the ...
Lou Brock was once a Cub Joe Buck. Mention that shit. 
Is there a camera...under home plate?
Okay Jon get it together
Quit stepping out you pussy 
Step out all you want, but soon enough you're going to sit down
ZOB!!!!!
In all seriousness guys, hes not great but for the love of christ and all thi...
ATTA GRANDPA
Nice play!
I LOVE YOU BEN
#FUCK YES
GO DEFENSE! GO GRANDPA AND BENZO!
Ya swear word! Yeah! Curse words!
THAT DEFENSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#FUCK YOU, FUCK YES, AND FUCK YES I HEAR FIREWORKS
Hit em with the finger wag david ross
**ROSS BABY!! I'M SO HARD**
That dude is slower than molasses.
Ha! 
Man what a bad send! 
FINGERLICKIN GOOD
Yay for dodger TOOTBLAN
GET OUT OF HERE SON! SIT DOWN!!!!!!!
Terrible send. A-Gon won't beat a throw from shallow left
that was fucking textbook that's like the old man little league coach demonst...
Was rossy showing the ball to the ump or to gonzalez? lmao
We absorb EYBS Dodgers absorb shitty sends by the 3rd base coach
FUCK YEAH DEFENSE. 
what the fuck was that send? hopefully no BS "lane to the plate" replay
Adrian Gonzalez is slower than an elephant through a river of peanut butter. ...
Man that send was not Werth it.
Gotta jump on them now, score a few and really shift momentum heavily in our ...
What a horrible send, lol.
What a moronic send but thaaaanks 
Trying to make up for the bad Werth send a game late.
Let's get Lester some more wiggle room here. 
My die-hard Sox fan wife announced she thinks Rizzo is the ugliest man in spo...
You miss spelled Hunter Pence
No, but I know a good divorce attorney.
Is she blind?
She did marry him
When you set him next to Bryant though? I mean no contest there.
Haha the score sent me a dodgers bases loaded notification. 
HEYWAAAAARD
Fake tag let's all get angry!!!!!! /s

Edit: I totally thought he didn't thro...
#HEYWARD

ily
fuck yeah heyward!!!
JHEY TRIPLE WHAT YEAR IS IT??!!?!?
#HEYWARD?????

#HEYWARD
#J-HEY!!!!
**JHEY3BASE**
Heyward just flat out flies.
JHey for 3!!!!!!
BAEWARD!
HEY! HEY! HEY!
The announcers were just talking how shitty he was hitting this season. Then ...
Heyward bound! 
Baeward!
J Hey making plays!
Heyward! Oh baby please just forget all those RS at bats and totally redeem y...
That's what we're payin you for buddy!
My mans. Let's get it Javy
#HEY! HEY!
That hit the literal corner of the diamond.  Wow.
Can't wait to hear Joe Buck spin this into a bad situation for the Cubs
Anybody know what the fist hitting thing is? Javy did it in game 4 too
THIS WEDDING IS BEAUTIFUL AND MOVING BUT THE CUBS
WE'RE DOING THINGS
JAVY OH MY GOD 
#WEAREGOOD
I want a squeeze
Good Guy JHey, saving his offense all season for the playoffs. 
Lets go Javy. Cmon BaeBomb
remember  Javy, it's not a HR til it actually crosses the wall, mkay?
Nice hustle Baez
Baez is a god damned madman.
JAVY BABY
WAY TO HUSTLE!!!!
JAVY YES
Holy shit he got a double too!
FUCKING JAVY
javy fucking HUSTLES boy
Opening my drinks tonight: a bottle opener made out of one of Starlin's broke...
BAEEEEE
Javy!!!
I love October baseball, guys. 
DROPDROPDROP....YEEEEEES
Javy with the heads up play!!!!
Javy strikes again!!!
Absolutely love it 
Bloop Double is the best double!
I love Javy's hustle 
Ahhh baby. <3 
Baez is a postseason beast.  Simple as that.
holy shit this is gorgeous
Javy!!!
BAEz <3
BAEZ FOR MVP
Fuck yes 2-0
How does he make that a double?

God I love Javy.
Look at Javy respecting 90! Love it
I FUCKING LOVE JAVY
If the giants got that yall would cry EYBS
Baez!!!
Lol I was convinced he would tag hahaha
Let's fuck the dh right here
HERE COMES THE LESTER DONG
Lester bomb time
Lester dong right here
My favorite was back to back squeezes last year. 
Lester looks a bit like Kerry Wood to me
Baez thinking of going home there haha
Wow the Dodgers look terrible
#MATUSZ IS THAT YOU?
If we try a squeeze I want Baez running 
That baserunning by Baez
JAVY
BAEZ THE MADMAN IS AT IT AGAIN!
HE STOLE HOME!!!! OH BABY!!!!! 
This game's starting pretty well.
Fearless
FUCKING LOVE BAEZ HOLY SHIT
Hahahahahahahahahaha
BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
Wow!! 
HOLY SHIT JAVY!
Baez...
AWWWW YEAH!!
he basically just stole home
it feels magical
#HOLY FUCK
Safe!!!!!
Wow Javy...WOW. This guy...
FUCK YES WHAT A BEAUTIFUL SHITSHOW
OH MY FUCKING GOD I LOVE JAVIER BAEZ
JAVY FUCKING BAEZ
BAEZ STOLE HOME BAEZ STOLE HOME
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT BAEZ HOLY SHIT I LOVE YOU
LOLOL WE STOLE HOME BITCHES!
Baez: great even when he fucks up
WOW
I LOVE THAT MAN! 
Javy is crazy fucking lucky
Javy Baez is my fucking hero!
My god JAvy..
#HE DOES IT ALL
Only Javy could accidentally steal home
JAVY YOU BEAUTIFUL MAN
Wow this dude is a fucking beast.
BAEZ FOR MVP!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
THAT IS THE FIRST HOME STEAL I HAVE EVER WITNESSED
WTF
That break towards third and then towards home. He'd break ankles if he were ...
Javy is one brave and bold motherfucker!
He knew he was out either way.  Just go. That's your only chance.  We got it. :)
Wow! 
How can Baez run so well with those grandes bolas?!
BAEz 
Javi waiting for the bus tomorrow.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhMrMfrIp40
Jake not looking at the camera
It's almost like there's a game on. 
we got a guy there
Routine play for Dex.
Greatness abounds on this team
the boys are putting on a show 
Cubs defense is just soooooooo gooooood
Dex!
SEXY DEX 
DEFENSE
Friggin Fowler!!
#sexy frickin' dexy
This is just enjoyable to watch. I'm loving all facets of our game right now!!!!
heli shot?

Oh cool, Heyward did a thing!
Not a good AB by Rizzo :(
Rizz :(
why are they showing Rizzo's big group hug with the Reds?
That was at his shins. :( Rizzo what's up with your eye?
Nothing. 
Man Rizzo.   That swing.  
Blimps > Helicopters 
I can't watch Zobrist bat
because of the whole slack jaw open mouth thing he does?
[Something like this?](http://i.makeagif.com/media/10-13-2015/H-j8DZ.gif)
Will Len or JD broadcast an inning?
Len will do the 5th inning on the radio.
Len gets an inning om the radio
as someone who just recently started following the cubs, does Rizzo have some...
From what I'm hearing, Rizzo expanded his strike zone during the Giants serie...
He literally just walked
did he walk earlier in the game? I just saw him strike out in the third, coul...
I was drinking. Wrong batter haha
wow how do you miss that call blue
This one's going our way
What's the over under on review time?
Get that man some glasses. 
What is up with the constant helicopter noise?
DAE ROBERTS BEST MANAGER ALL TIME???
I think Joc Pederson pissed Lester off in the 2nd with all his stepping out. ...
#DEX
So sexy, Dexy... so sexy.
Dexter Fowler is out here making plays! 
FOWLER POWER!
somebody needs a new belt

The belt just couldn't hold up the weight of his monster balls. 
*Buzz Lightyear meme* amazing plays, amazing plays everywhere
If we can score one more off Maeda this inning, then we might end his night t...
Wow! Go Cubs!
same thing happened to my belt the last time i went to the japanese buffet
YOU GO HOME NOW FAT BOY

YOU BE HERE FOR HOUR
Dex flashing the leather tonight!
fowler doesn't want javy to steal all the spotlight
I wished Lester would tap my butt like he did to Dex.
WE GET IT ROBERTS MAKES A LOT OF PITCHING CHANGES
i believe in gramps
Gpa Ross having a good AB
Dave Roberts looked like he was asleep in that shot
Why are Ron and Pat surprised that the longer two teams have been playing, th...
Man, that Marlins guy is at literally every playoff games this season. Wtf do...
Marlins Man has been around for a few years now. I think he's a lawyer out of...
I've heard he's really nice, and it kinda just started cuz he needed a shirt ...
Owns a law firm. Doesn't have wife or kids.
Owns a large law firm, no family. Literally all he has to do in life is colle...
Lawyer or something like that. Places insane amounts on sports bets
Marlins man. He's a lawyer.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marlins_Man
Lawyer I believe, although he's head of the practice so idk if he really does...
The inning I have dinner we don't score. Looks like I'm having dessert with t...
Maeda looks amused at his shortcomings as a pitcher
Jon Lester is going to steal second
Fowler gets on base, and then KB 3 run bomb. K thx bye.
I'm stuck in Seattle for work watching this game at an Applebee's and their t...
Go back to your hotel room and stream it on your computer. That's what I woul...
The hotel I'm at has spotty wifi, that's what I was doing because that guy th...
tough
Come to iron bull in Wallingford (the Chicago bar of Seattle)! Or Bill's in C...
I might do that for the next couple of games! I'm meeting a coworker here at ...
Ah that makes sense, then. You should definitely check out iron bull tomorrow! 
Lester is at 60 top of 5th
You can see the pitch counts in the box score above, friend.
Wow I've looked above for it before today several times and somehow never saw...
tell them to fix the TV probably zoomed in
They had the ND football game on before and it looked fine. I asked them to s...
Right? "Can I fix your picture? Give me that remote."
It's pretty busy right now, maybe I'll ask when it slows down some 
It's in the OP 
Hey look, Angel Hernandez! 

Where's Steve MONGO McMichael?
Our gloves are so sexy
Greatness abounds
"Yeah" 
At least his struggles at the plate aren't affecting his defense.
This defense is fucking insane tonight

Defense wins championships!

Or is that for other sports...
dm;ws
joe bucks lips look disgusting lmao.
Eat shit Joc
Joe buck going with the barb-from-stranger-things glasses tonight
Maybe "locked in" Lester would give up negative runs?
I actually really dig the Dodgers' gamesmanship. It's fun to watch. 

It's al...
That fucking carried
Shit
Poop 
Fuck
I thought that was a popup. Jeez.
#Ross' wrist notes is like a real life exam cheatsheet.
Damn that... didn't seem like a homer. Weird.
the jet stream is in the stratosphere you idiot
Wow, that one looked like a can of corn.
Wind kept that one alive just a little too long.
All wind...
Uh oh
well darn. 
no big deal
Well, shit. Oh well
Haven't seen a pop up home run in a while
Time to hit a home run this inning to make up for that
Need our offense to heat up again
Now can we start hitting into that jet stream
Joe buck is dumb.... the jet stream really
We're alright...is all good in the hood
alrighty. six more insurance runs!
Yeah, surprised we haven't seen more of that with the wind what it is today. 
MOAR RUNS
Just lost tv signal at Applebees.. This could get rough.. 
I almost want to automatically pull Lester after one more inning, make sure w...
he's only at, what, 70 pitches? i'm not worried. pull somewhere in the 7th wi...
I say let him go 7 with a 2 run lead
But he's our best pitcher.....
He's also getting hit pretty routinely. His defense is bailing him out big ti...
Really? Going to down vote me without giving a counterargument?
That Gatorade commercial sounded like a white guy listening to "Spittin' Barz...
Alright, Kris, match em to left.
Will Baez average more than 1 pitch per minute?! We shall see!
I just dribbled beer down my face. 
Oh no, Pedro Baez.
Come on Rizz! Give 'em the Bad Blood!
Okay Rizz... time to break out of this funk!
Alright, Maeda out after 4. Lets make this bullpen work.
BAD BLOOD
Wouldn't be a bad time for Rizzo to hit a home run
A to the Rizzo

Home to the rizun

That's it.

I'm sounding crazy.

Time for ...
Is it quiet or just bad mic?
This pitcher is slower than Adrian Gonzalez rounding third. 
[deleted]
43 seconds between there. 
Rizzo:/..
Rizz needs to get it going
Amazing struggle for Rizzo, gotta break out eventually!
Rizzo, on some Mighty Casey Struck Out shit. 
Gotta start hitting it in the air. 
Middle of the lineup: do things 
What the fuck are these guys on?
Bryant just gave him the stink eye.
no...Heyward's been doing good since Colorado. Don't take him out. 
Addi would make a good golfer with that loose grip of his 
Slowest inning ever. My God. 
all of that for a ball

fuck you
WOW that was close...
Enough is enough. Leave Bryant be. 
Russell looks absolutely lost at the plate right now.
Oh yeah, heroin epidemic being used for politics
What's the song in that car commercial? Google Play Music fails to identify it.
You think Roberts was trying to freeze up Lester with Baez there?
I say Lester gets through the 7th.
75 pitches for the night... Maybe 8
He could go 8 at this point, but his spot in the lineup does come up in the b...
I mean theyre not pulling him after just 6
Is there any way that chopper overhead could affect the wind in the ballpark?
I don't think they could legally get close enough for it to matter.
Not unless he's at 100 ft. or below, which it is not.
Pilot here. No.
Username checks out. 
👍🏻
👉👉
Only if it were flying like... slightly over the stands. So no. 
Figured. 
It is annoying as hell though. 
Indeed.
Say again? I can't hear you over that helicopter.
That was strike 3. What a shitty call.
Rizzo!
Lester getting hit hard but this defense is incredible
Our defense play good
As long as Rizzo and Russell are making good defensive plays, I'll believe th...
Good ol cat Stevens 
*sees Baez is still in* AHHHHHH
Great, another 2 hour long inning. 
can joe buck be more of a hater?
I want JHey to swing at more first pitch fastballs. He's the only one I'd ask...
if he can't catch up to the heater it won't do him any good
Isnt there some sort of airspace restriction that should prevent a helicopter...
"Any time a pitcher is getting people to talk about crap he's doing besides t...
Literally watching paint dry may be better than watching baez pitch
Show 'em who's boss, Baez. 
There can only be one
Nice hit Javy!
Javier Baez for president
Baez is owning the Dodgers so far!  
Baez is owning everyone*
Oh Javy... I love you. Now bring him home, Grandpa!
Baez is so fucking good jesus
Grandpa Dong Pls
/r/nocontext
#there goes my hero...
I WANT TO BE FOREVER YOUNG
#JustJavyThings
http://i.imgur.com/3FEgwh2.png
Jesus, it's gonna be Sunday before their pitcher decides to make a throw.
Christ HERE we go...now he's gonna take 10 minutes between pitches...knew it ...
Does anyone know wtf is on the sides of the ad boxes??????
You know your're a piece of shit when Joe freaking Buck is complaining about ...
Manicure MVP.
RIP Lester :(

Post season Soler please part the clouds!
Wood better not suck next inning.
SOLER POWER
man I absolutely hate this move.
Wow come on Lester had 2 more in him
Lester is not happy. 
I'm dying at Soler's walk up song. 
Hmmm...pulling Lester? Really? 
SOLER POWER!!!
Soler power, let's go!
I disagree with the decision to pull Lester
Our Baez is fast their Baez is slow 
I would have let Lester have at least one more inning.  
I'VE GOT THE (Soler) POWER!
Good outing from Lester. Come on bullpen, bring this one home! 

I feel pretty safe with this lead and lester on the mound.. eh
Oh Jesus I don't like this move at all 
shit georgie lives in haiti?
This better not be like 07 or 08 when we pulled Zambrano early to save his ar...
Waveland Ave. is thirsty for a baseball, Soler!
ffs jorge
Lester has been giving up contact but still I am not sure you take the ball a...
wow this is a game?
good shit wood
Is like FS1 think the more they show that Skip Bayless ad that people will ac...
I bet Grandal hits here
Man, some of you guys forgot what LOOGY meant
Any chance Lester starts game 4?
Doubt it, Lackey was solid enough last outing.
I don't think we were watching the same game, friend
pretty solid for a #4
ya, thats what I was leaning toward, as well
Only if we get down 0-3 imo.
Only of were down 3-0
HELL YEAH, BURGERS
Dat fastball tho.
From radio broadcast, Sandberg & Dernier are singing the 7th inning stretch.
Da boys in the bullpen is looking hot tonight
Ok, is it really THAT big of a difference batting against righty vs lefty.
Yes...
Yes. You play every advantage possible in the playoffs
I mean but like, let's say you got your best deliver is R, and your 2nd best ...
But it's unlikely your #1 righty is better against lefties than your #1 lefty...
Edwards, can you not?
We didn't have Montgomery OR Chapman pre trade deadline
Wow nice giants ads
ALL OF THE PITCHERS!!!!!!
Shut up Jim, I don't give a fuck about Busted Poser
Busted Poser? I know they lost but dang, you know he is good af.
That's autocorrect actually; I'm too angry to proofread 
Posey has a neckbeard.
Even Tony la russa is blushing at Maddon bullpen management right now
Should've gone with a fastball.
Blow one past him plz.
I'd rather not test him with a heater. Stay with the breaking stuff
Clearly your pitch selection worked out better! I tip my hat to you.
I'm pretty good at MLB The Show
I can beat the AI on normal in NHL!
MONTY
MI**K**E
Fucking got him.
👏👍
Dam that was Chris sale esc
Monty is bae
👊🖐️
Now we are set up for Strop/Rondon then Chapman. 
I kinda like letting Monty start the 8th and see how he goes. He won't be com...
Hopefully we only have 6 outs left to get
Yeah but you can't manage scared. If it goes long we have Grimm and Zastryzny...
Tank commander = mission accomplished 

**MARSHAL MONTY**
Love Monty in that situation against Joc.
If the Cubs win the World Series I think Joe Buck will take hostages.  
I think Monty is a viable starter after Lack Attack retires 
You know, tense showers are scary af. Lets hope this doesn't go to midnight
Does this mean in addition to getting a baez vs baez we can get a ross vs ross?
Ross is probably done at the plate. 
okay. Time, once again, to show off my alarming ignorance in 'Who's Who?': Wh...
Eddie Vedder.  Lead singer of pearl jam. 
Lead singer of Pearl Jam, Eddie Vedder. Wrote "someday we'll go all the way" ...
this strikezone
Sonofa
Too quick a side

God damn it
Hector?
The plan might be to get 26 of 27 outs with left-handed pitchers.
HR without the broken bat there :(
Oh God...here comes my anxiety.
Totally don't wish Jonny was still in here...

Time to give em the ol' STROP-A-DOPE
Strop, Rondon, whatever. 
Dope Strop
Utley kinda looks like he got stung by a bee on his face.
Please don't put Chapman in the 8th
Pls Strop. Strike Fuckly out!
FUCK THOSE CALLS 
So my best friend works for a third-party security company that does Cubs' ga...
Are we pretending that was a ball? 
Wow, some pretty rough calls there.
Lol what
*CLENCHING INTENSIFIES*
alright. you can get out of this. 
Absolutely need this win tonight with Kershaw pitching tomorrow.
shit I didn't even think about that
Reminder, we have zastryzny (i forgot how to spell it)
Like 90% sure that's spelled right tho 
LETS FUCKING GO STROP 
Come on strop!
Well, boys. Here we go.
Oh shit
Wait I can't watch - what's happening?
Fucking seager up too. Need Chapman to come up big here. This is the ballgame
#WAKE UP
Welp, this is what we got him for. Time to shut the door Aroldis.
I believe in Chapman
Don't panic.

Don't panic.

Don't panic.

AW WHO AM I KIDDING, I'M PANICKING
Let's go boys gotta believe!
This isn't the time to be shitting the bed.
These fucking 8th innings 
Why did we pull Lester, again?
We've gotten out of bases loaded jams before, hoping we can do it again now.
Guys I'm sorry. I got hungry and put some leftover pizza in the toaster oven ...
Best bullpen arm coming in to save this top of the 8th. Buckle Up Cubs Bros! ...
Why did we pull Lester 
[deleted]
He got to third damn fast. Every instinct for Bryant is to go to 3rd on a gro...
Take the double play - we can give up a run.
Strike all 3 of these fuckers out!
I believe. 
99? DFA
Let's go Cubs! Beat the Dodgers, grind them into a pulp, and drink their esse...
Hot. 
I'm ready for some hot dp action 
We got this.
THIS. IS. A. GAME. 
That was some cheddaaaa
Steve Tarpman. Here we go
Rizz, what an effort
damn Rizzo could have got that
Listening to radio but something tells me Joe Buck isn't very popular
straight gas
Rizzo just does not like the playoffs
Oh man if Chapman gets out of this one....Wrigley will EXPLODE.
#KK_
🔥CHAPMAN🔥
That shot of that old lady fan......fucking hell.
FUCK
Just when I thought we had it

FUCK
Gonzales, who's a professional hitter. 

As opposed to, you know, the other b...
well damn. 
Jesus Christ fuck the 8th
FUCK YOU GONZALEZ
Not in range of a TV atm. Not liking all these "fucks"
3-3 man on 2b and 3b
Tie game.
If only Kris had fired the ball to second,  we would be up
Pretty much used the whole bullpen too?
Fuckkkkk
Ball 2? Are you fucking serious?
 80mph CHANGEUP COMING IN
How hard of a ground ball was that for Addi there mentally?
That's routine for the best defensive SS in the league. 
PHEW
Whew
Brand new game... glad he limited the damage at least. 
Can we get an answer run here plz?
Every time we need a rally Z-man is there, come on Zobrist!
J-Hey is gonna be the hero of this game.
We still got this let's get some runs
We don't quit
Hey that's a strike again. Neat.
Tough spot for chapman. Gonzalez is a good hitter. We got this though.
Okay we just need to score 20 runs here and I can go to bed
The sky is not falling. That was a bummer, but we will get 'em back. I more s...
Let's go Zob! Good Zob! 
Okay that's a start
GO BIG Z
Ben does it again, holy fuck.
I love Ben Zobrist.
Benzo is a baller <3
Can we all relax now? 
There you go Zob!
Nothing to worry about. LETS FUCKING GO
Zobs!!!
BEN'S "FUCKS GIVEN" COUNTER: 0
#DICKS OUT FOR ZORILLA
And here come the cubbies!
Zobrist is fucking clutch!
Lmao zobrist sounded like the generic voice in a video game
HERE WE FUCKING GO
"YEAH! CMON. LETS GO!!" I agree with you Benzo. Way to lead. 
Okay now just small ball his ass home. 
Addi boutta be a hero right here
Russell is due for a hit. lets get the lead back
Clutch russel homer. Calling it
Holy shit, has Chapman practiced batting at all?
He hit against us with Cincinnati last year. 
"FUCK" - Addison Russell
Another shit AB from Russell.
Christ Addison 
Addy...
This is your moment Heyward.
Russell needs to move down a couple of spots. 
I totally get not bunting. I'm just frustrated with Russell going from 3-0 to...
walk heyward to get to baez

i hope javy can make this happen
Ross won't hit. They're gonna sub in Willson. 
wat
They want to pitch to Baez? Ok. 
This seems like a really bad idea for the Dodgers.  I like it!
Lmao what is this shit?
Walking to get to Baez?! Oh the disrespect. MAke them pay
Lmao walk Heyward to face baez???? 
Bold fucking strategy Cotton
russell and rizzo. bogus
Fuck off Joe Buck
CMON JAVY HOME RUN I CAN FEEL IT
Time for some Javy heroics.
It's cool everybody. We got this. 
If Javy gets a hit here... Erect a statue. His legend can't grow much more.
California about to hate baez even more
This has to be the first time he's been intentionally walked all season
I hope they regret that
Javy is singing to his walkup song

Damn it
Should pinch hit Contreras
Damn
Damn...they got away with it
Damn I really thought he'd come through there
Coghlan, not Willson? Okay....
Damn...Baez
STONE COLD STEVE AUSTIN?!?!
BAH GAWD!
Walking Cogs to get Chapman out.
That's stone colds music King, that's stone colds music!
Javy's pissed af... 
Contreras grand slam incoming
Please Miggy. Please.
...wat
Why pinch hit Montero?!
they should still bat chapman. 
Maybe Joe knew the Dodgers would walk whoever came up here, so saved Contrera...
You got this Miggy!
Let's go mingy
Montero? The hell? Hope it works...
Wait, we are pinch hitting Montero over Contreras? WTF? 
Montero though? I guess Joe

Edit - This is why I don't second guess Joe.
Lol montero and Rondon warming up?  Joe lost his mind?
Totally, those 103 wins were just a fluke.
He is great but confusing game 3 and this one.  No doubt.  
Why the fuck is it Montero and not Contreras
Shhhh...don't question Joe.
LvR
Contreras is a righty
That's why ;)
This game is tense. With the way they're burning through players, you know so...
Please please please 
This is why match ups are fucking dumb. 
WOOOOOOOO
#WEAREGOOD
#MIGGY
FUCKING MONTERO!!!!!
HOLY FUCKING CHRIST

#DID I JUST GET SPOOILED
OH MY GOD
Holy fuck!
FUCKING MIGGY
#HOLY FUUUUUUUCKK!!!!
MONSTERO!!
FUCK YEAHHHHHHHHHHHH
WOW
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
MIGGY!!!!
HOLY SHIT!!!
MIGGY MIGGY MIGGY MIGGY MIGGY MIGGY
Woooooooo! Miggy
HOLY FUCK, MIGGY GRAND SLAM!
Hell.  Yes.
HOLY FUCKING SHIT!!!
MIGGY IM SORRY I DOUBTED YOU
Fuckin A Miggy!!!!!
Holy fuck!!'bbbn
Get fucked!!
What just happened?
**MIGGY MOTHERFUCKING SMASH**
FUCK YOU HATERS MONTY JUST GAVE YOU TWO MIDDLE FINGERS!!!! GRAND SLAM BITCHES...
LOL LAD
FUCKING CALLED IT 
I'M COMING
Well that was worth the price of admission!
Miglet!
bust it wide open
Fuck yeah!!!!
Holy shit! LET'S GOOOO!
BACK TO BACK
Mmmmmmmmmmiiiiiiiiiiiiiiggggggggggyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!
MIGGYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Who the fuck said that???
WHATTT
Miggy you beautiful man
ABSOLUTE MADMEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SEXY DEXY!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSswEzWJdWo
Dex! 
FUCK THE DODGERS!
#Open the floodgates!
HOLY SHIT WE JUST EXECUTED THEIR HOPES!
#MY OH MY
guys I told you that you had this, why are you acting surprised
#ALLISWELL
Just coming from r/hawks to celebrate a big win, and WHAT DID I JUST WALK INTO.
I'M SO ERECT MY PENIS LOOKS LIKE IT GOT STUNG BY A BEE
BATS=AWOKEN 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ADgCeYJMN4
HOW CAN HE SLAP??!!

CAUSE IT'S MIGGY "CLUTCH" MONTERO BITCH!!
I gotta wash these pants
FUCK YES GUYS
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!

Anyone here who doubted Maddon, you owe him an apology
Wow!
#NEVER GIVE UP ON THIS TEAM!!!
Holy mother-fucking baseball-god-loving anxiety-inducing shit
Daggers
YESSSSSSSSSS
Don't know about you guys, but I like the bottom of the inning better than th...
WITH NO REGARD FOR BLANTON LIFE
WE DONT QUIT
Rizzo needs something positive here.  Even a single might get him going.
#wood
Lmfao walk all you want we're going to win.
Don't get Dave Roberts - why walk Hayward to face Baez if you're just going t...
I didn't get it, either
Hindsight is 20/20 but if he brings in a lefty, Contreras hits.
On the other hand this kind of confirms what I saw with the eye test last nig...
Fair enough you'd take a matchup with Montero over that
Reminds me of the scene from Majore League 2:

And it looks like they're goin...
[deleted]
Buckle your seatbelts though
Just got out of the hawks game in time to see that grand slam. People on the ...
Good snag KB 
Finish them Rondon!
Buck could not sound more disinterested
How he has a job on a national platform amazes me. He should just stay in New...
Rizzo why
Better if Baez fielded that one.
Why do they keep falling off first?

Lackey and now Rondon smh
Tis' rigged. /s
I saw it live
What an odd stance. Toles is basically just squatting at this point. 
Fuck you Toles... 
So I'm not worried yet, but damn I want Rondon to get back in his pre injury ...
Rizzo trying his hardest to make this game interesting 
this is making me nervous bruh
Wait...Smoltz, are you telling me a Major League Baseball player can handle a...
WOW JOE THANKS JOE THIS WORKED OUT JUST LIKE GAME 3 JOE 
Guys seriously though, Rizz looks lost up there.  Tell me something that'll e...
Streaks are an illusion. He's one of the best bats in the NL and that does no...
It's a game of statistics and sometimes it's just random unlucky bullshit tha...
We're still winning? I don't know though. Having his bat going would make thi...
1. He's not the only hitter on our team.


2. Cubs are up 3-0.


3. Lester is...
Javier Baez is a Cub.
He'll be fine. Feel better?
One good hit can snap a player out of a slump. He's one AB away from raking.
The rest of our offense is 👌🏻
#Fuck, Pedro Baez coming in. I am NOT ready to watch this shit at 4am.
You sure do use the really big font a lot 
#It's the playoffs. I'm hype.
#fair
Was he the one where one of the Cubs was given a base a few weeks back for be...
enjoy your 11 hour game
Take a 20 minute power nap and wake up for the sixth 
#BALKS INCOMING
I'm pissed just like all of you but give it a rest complaining about Maddon a...
WHO IS GONNA GET MORE DRUNK WITH ME CMON GUYS 

LETS

FUCKIN

CELEBRATE
Pete Rose predicting the sweep? Fuck...
Oh, okay Joe Buck, I didn't know it was October 14th....... I guess we're bac...
Yeah Buck, Lester is just terrible at everything, right?
Makes me happy I'm listening to Pat and Ron while watching the FS1 feed.
Lol just the worst pitcher of all time according to Buck.
Member when Joe Buck was a good annou-           


Nah.  Fuck him
"I wouldn't teach a player to do that"
I've heard that about Ichiro, Kershaw,...
Dexter. Fowler. Is. A. God.
I don't care that it helped us. I hate bad calls like that. Give me robo umps.
Is Shannon Sharpe a discount Stephen A. Smith?
He's physically harder to listen to because he has a weird voice but his take...
Nah, they both suck pretty equally. 
Pretty much
Joe out thinking himself. Just like nlds game 3
Just ate a Thickburger from Hardee's just few minutes ago. Must be a sign.
Philly Cheesesteak Thickburger FTW
#Straight Fucking Gas
i know we have twelve pitchers on the roster for this but you don't need to r...
I'm guessing Monte is staying for the 8th
If strop was ready to go in the first place, why the fuck wouldn't you put hi...
Lefty on lefty. 
Matchups.
Did that seriously just happen? FUCK
Fuck me
God damn it Kris
Wonder how Theo feels about Joe's bullpen use tonight
Joe did nothing wrong. There, I said it. 
Why the fuck wouldn't we bunt there? 
#WE ARE GOOD

#WE ARE GOOD

# WE ARE GOOD
CALLED IT. FUCKING CALLED IT. 
WE ARE GOOD! WE ARE FUCKING GOOD! 
WE ARE GOOD

~ MIGUEL FUCKING MONTERO
Hey guys I have a great idea, lets walk these two guys then...oh crap....oh c...
You do realize how improbable EVERY  FREAKING THING we've done in the 8th and...
WHERE THE DOUBTERS AT NOW!?!?
#I JUST GOT HOME AND TURNED ON THE TV AND THEN I JUST SAW 2 HOMERS IN 2 PITCH...
Fuck the closer!
THESE BATS DON'T SCARE

THEY'RE HERE FOREVER
HOLY SHIT! WE ARE GOOD!
WHERES YOUR WHINING NOW CAROLINE
I hate Joe Buck. What a piece of shit.
He kept bringing 2003 up during the top of the 8th inning, fucking Cardinals ...
Idc what happens, this game is on Joe
Should have left Lester in the game.. 
I dont think anyone disagrees with that. Especially Jon 
I agree. Buck is the fucking worst and I blame him for everything too.
Sometimes Joe needs to quit playing with his calculator and just trust his pi...
Fuck you Joe Buck
Given how this thread has been you might have to specify which Joe you are ta...
Lol, I edited it
Nice! And agreed.
[deleted]
Still listening to the radio broadcast, using audio delay software.
No, fuck that salty salad eater.
Anybody still not see the similarities between this game and game 3 nlds?
It will be a miracle to get out of this without being down a run. KB, dive fo...
Dear whiners, Joe's better at managing than you. The good news is our players...
Shut up. 
No. 
I get that, but I hate seeing Lester get jaded like that and then so-so Soler...
He is. But nobody is above the occasional brain fart. I'm usually the first t...
FUCK. THE. DODGERS. 
HOLY FUCK BOYS. Walk to southport Jewel for munchies was the hangover cure I ...
FULL MOON BRING ON THE BASEBALL WEIRDNESS. 

NLCS I AM SO PUMPED.
Didn't give up a 1st inning run like they did in all 4 last year. Already bet...
#YOU GO WE GO
Can we talk for a minute about that HORRIBLE FUCKING DANGEROUS slide into 3rd...
Benny plays for the Dodgers at the end of The Sandlot when he steals home. It...
Jesus fuck Fowler is all over the outfield tonight.
Hi loves! Roll call plz
I'm here in Denton, TX!
Dekalb
blue eagle reporting in 
Longmont, Colorado
Heyyyy I'm from Gunnison
oh what up co bro?
I'm a woman 😄 But hey 
Asheville NC here 
Present in Kansas.
STOP HITTING THE BALL AT PEOPLE
Can't do much to prevent weak homers like that with this wind 
Jesus Christ, Anthony
Rizzo is worthless right now.  Painful.   Out hit by Heyward I mean damn.  
I finally heard the helicopter. To be fair, I've been watching the Ohio State...
Wisconsin resident, badger and cub fan here. Its not nice to have this game a...
Joe Buck makes me want to slit my wrists. 
Fuck you John  Smotlz 
I think the technical term for a sportscaster having an 'addiction to hair pl...
I get the hate for Russell, but damn guys, you are overlooking his fantastic ...
Are the announcers badmouthing him? Idiots if they are...
Russell and Javy up the middle is just way too solid to fuck with. 
Rizzoli Rizzoli flashing the leatheroni!
Oh come on, let Woody pitch
"The tying run on the plate"

Have you ever heard of our bullpen???
Did he just say "tieing run coming up for the dodgers."?  Wtf??
It is the tieing run...
And the winds blowing out
How many times must I say that Joe Buck fucking hates Chicago. He's also a bi...
It's true. Announcers always do that.
I mean, the tying run is in fact up at the plate 
Honestly I agree with taking lester out. I felt like he was walking the line ...
[deleted]
Stop being negative. Move on. It literally doesn't matter at this point.
Still worth mentioning though. Just because it's working out doesn't make it ...
It's been mentioned PLENTY of times already.
Obviously. So has the other side. Everyone is making valid points so why does...
I really want to see a Schwarbomb this postseason =(
what were the chances of him making a post season appearance?
Only realistic chance is as DH in the World Series, but even then it's doubtf...
0
These dodgers are just so gritty!
What the FUCK was that shit?
FUCK
fuck
Fucking point shaving.........
GOD FUCKING DAMN IT
Feeling sick now. 
I'm gonna throw up now.  I was actually enjoying myself up until now. 
I hate this shit, just let your pitchers do their roles. Lester-Rondon-Chapma...
If only Rizzo would've caught that.
So unprofessional of Buck to bring up Bartman. But then again, he is Joe Buck.
Didn't catch it. What did he say?
Puig hit a playable ball foul by the first base line and he mentioned how thi...
I just don't get why we fall apart so much
Because we didn't just leave Lester in like we should have
This is absolutely on Joe right now 
Fucking 8th inning Chapman
Chill guys 
We got this, guys.
addison is really in quite the slump. he has hit for a low average all year.
JOE I TAKE EVERYTHING BACK. IM SORRY. 
I JUST POPPED THE BIGGEST BONER.
Ho Lee Fuk!
WHAT A FUCKING COMEBACK. SUCK IT DODGERS 
dude i called it
\#MIGGYISGOOD
My throat hurts from screaming
#MOAR HOME RUNS
Wowowowowowooewoowowowowowowowowow
OMG!!!! THE MAGIC ITS AMAZING!!!! OH MIGGY YOU'RE SO FINE, YOU'RE SO FINE YOU...
I DEFINITELY DIED AND WENT TO HEAVEN THIS IS INSANE
Buck just gonna hate fuck his Erin Rodgers blow up doll tonight.
Rizzo needs to let Baez get some of these.

All of those.  He needs to let Baez get all of those
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ 
SHUT THE FUCK UP JOE BUCK. 
Also - I have a bet with a friend on the game. Can someone make me a crying k...
Son: Mommy, what's Viagra?

Mommy: Is the thing your Father need to satisfied...
Ba da dum!
I reeeaaaaalllly don't like this bringing in a pitcher for one guy shit. Burn...
Match ups. 
I don't get why you don't just leave Monty in there.  Now we are bringing out...
Fucking maddon won't ever learn
Maddon went full mental again. Why won't he learn 
He's overthinking the postseason and the Dodgers' history against lefties.
What the fuck. Why did Joe have to do this shit again?
It's hard being critical of Joe, but his micromanaging of the bullpen has bee...
Yeah fuck him for bring in our best leverage guys during a high leverage inni...
He literally watched the opposing manager do that last game...
THIS POSTSEASON HAS MESSED UP MY STUDYING SCHEDULE. STUDIED EARLIER TODAY TO ...
Go Cubs!
Damn if we see Andrew Miller in the WS that's going to be wild
Kershaw confirmed for tomorrow
I've been looking for tickets for tomorrow's game all day but everything is s...
Holy crap, the field looks sick.
I'm at a wedding with no TVs or WiFi. Kill me. 
Nervous optimism. 

And since I've never seen a Cubs win in game 1 or 2 of a ...
We're down to an hour and the wait is *still* killing me.
I know, man. I don't want to start drinking because I still have to go out an...
I am probably going to miss the start of this one because I am bad at timing ...
Go Cubs!!!!!
On my way to wrigley. Let's get this W boys!
Beer counter: 1
1
If the wind is blowing out to left as I'm hearing that's even better for us c...
Also great for KB to demolish some baseballs. 
Is that Vince Vaughn's portly brother?
Red. 
FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
My stream still says that this game will begin shortly
[deleted]
It's actually his bed 
GO
Kershaw in game 2, because fuck his arm apparently. 
I was told there would be no Joe Buck.
Blue Moon is on the menu tonight for me. What about y'all?
Snake bite whiskey!
Lester for the CGSO, calling it now.
EVERYTHING SLOYDES ROYTE OFF
Game time! Let's go !
Holly called Heyward having a big game, please do good Heyward 
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Beautiful night to see some long Cubby dongs.
Damn, that's three multi-inning lefties we have. I love it. 
That crowd roar after strikes 
I've missed that the last 2 games
LET'S GO
Fuck bunts 
I disagree.

Fuck LEADOFF bunts.
Kershaw sighting #1
I wish there was a "mute announcers" button.  I still want to hear the sounds...
Good start.
Aunt Flow at the plate.
10 games reaching twice? Damn. 
Wtf is up with the highlights

Good inning so far!
Good start, fellas!
[deleted]
*corey seager 
That was Seager 
you go we go
You go, we go!
Way to start it Fowler!
If Dex gets hot I'm sorry but not sorry, Dodgers fans
I've never been less worried about a postseason game. We got this. 
THAT A BABY!
Anyone know what app or where I can stream? I've managed to get all other gam...
And they never looked back
What is with that fucking helicopter?
Aerial camera shots.
Yeah but they need to tweak the audio levels so you don't hear it. 
Yes!!!!
lol kendrick PLS  
LET'S GO
Let's goooo!!
FUCK YES KB!!!
Go Kris!
MVP
HES SO FUCKING GOOD!!!!!!!
Dang helicopter is loud, yo.

Keep em coming boys! LET'S GO
FUCK YES
Blue eyes delivers
M
Way to go Blue Eyes!
WE HITTING
OH YEAH BABY
FUCK YES! FUCK YES FUCK YES! KRIS FUCKIN BRYANT
NICE
Holy shit!
Kris warmed it up
KB DOUBLE!!
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Dexer and Kris!!!! <3
I fuckin love you Bryant!!!
KRIS!!!!
Wind looked like it helped carry that one
That brick wall scared him. He looked slow running back. 
FIRST BLOOD DRAWN!
Great defense Howie
#LET'S DANCE NO TIME FOR ROMANCE
Oh boy that felt good
I'm calling for a baker's dozen tonight. 
DON'T WASTE ONE MINUTE
Fuck. Yes.
THATS HOW YOU START IT!!!!
KB!!

Great job striking early boys!
This could be good.
YES!!!!  GREAT START!!
YEAH BUDDY!
THAT'S MY BOY KAY-BEE
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
MVBRYANT 
Bryant / Rizzo for President 
THOSE BATS ARE ON FIRE, BOYS!

#RIZZO PLEASE
Fuckin' beautiful.
Nice start, keep it going!
KB!
BOOM BABY LETS GO
MVP MVP MVP!!!! LETS GO RIZZ
Alot of good contact so far
Rizzo this postseason is not very good...
postseason Rizzo hasn't been very good period, hopefully that changes soon
Let's do it Benzo 
Watching from the office
LETS GO BENZOS
#I FEEL ALIVE
Maeda isn't fooling anybody at all
We need to get this 2nd run home. 
COME ON ADDI! 
Both right to him. Fuck
Wow they're hitting it hard
Ugh. Hitting the ball hard though
Gotta hit those gaps
Good contact so far tonight. Looking up. 
That's a weird ass spot for a camera, right at the lip of the grass there?
Darned outfielders 
dammit
Did Addi play in the DS last year? Can't remember when he went down
Yes he did
No he did not
Missed the LCS. Got hurt in game 3 or 4 against the Cardinals
He missed the entire LCS. Played in the DS.
He got hurt in game 3 of the NLDS
Russell with the only bad AB that inning.
[deleted]
I can see at least a few balls being misplayed in left tonight by both teams....
Come on double play ball.
Adrian Gonzalez always looks mad because of his eyebrows lol
It's ok. Lester just setting up the DP.
Jeeze that's a good slugging percentage.
Okay let's not put the lead off man on again 
Might have to move addi down
Is Joe Buck seriously expecting Gonzalez to run here?
Holy shit bryant, that ball would have killed me
Nice snag KB
dam
I'm feeling pretty good right now
KB should have dropped that 
DP ball now!
BASE RUNNERS
only took Joe until the second inning to mention a cardinal, eh?
Joe Buck is more biased than Hawk Harrelson 
I mean, they're just getting all the "throwing the first" talk out of the way...
Fuck. 
come on jon 
papaw :(
Oh man Joe Buck sounds a lot smarter than normal. Did he get smarter, did I g...
Sadness
[deleted]
Shh bby is ok
Stop it
For real though, this is why I hate the slightly off center camera. The NLDS ...
We need another filthy BAEz play for a DP
This is feeling like a 9 bags of popcorn night.
cmon lester please
Come on Lester, get us a double play ball
How about a K!
More strikes plz
Get fucked Joc!
yusss! fuck you dodgers
BIG K
Hell ya, that was a big AB
Joc? more like JoK
gold coast ban**K**
Pederson is so baby face that I can't even picture him with a beard. Same goe...
CHACHING RING EM UP!!! LETS GOOOK
Sit down Joc
just what we needed
salty boy?
i love all that time taken and then the one pitch he readies up no bullshit a...
Big strikeout!
Gunned
Get back on that base you fuck. 
Lets go!!!
WHEW
Not quite as bad as the Werth send
HELL YEAH ZOB
Too slow holmes.
I'll take it!!  
SIT DOWN!
Fail
Slow, much?
Hellz yea!!
either he ran through a stop sign or that third base coach should be fired
Benzo to ross!
Hopefully this can be the "rough" inning for Lester.  Nice play ZO & Grandpa!
GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE
Holy shit that was dumb, but I'll take it!!!
FUCK YA!
Fuck. Yes!
Hahaha I can't believe you sent that pud home on that play
If pink hat guy stands up once tonight, or fuck even claps once, I'll donate ...
What a terrible play.
GET REKT
ross ❤️
FUCK YEAH
Hooray defense!
Gpa Ross!!! 
Yesss
OML the sent the slowest guy on that?  Brave or stupid, not sure which...
I'll take it 
well that was dumb
# YOU GONE MOTHERFUCKER
3rd base coach should be fired
Nah, he's helping us, why fire him?
Lol with his lead and still out by a mile. Try again next time, pal
Send Gonzalez, huh? You fucking morons. Dodgers and the announcers. I miss Le...
Well, that was... fun.

Now let's destroy Maeda.
Defense getting it done tonight!  
butthole unpuckered
MOAR RUNS PLS
I was hoping they'd send his slow ass
Hit one to A-Rod
I'm gonna need a whole bunch of insurance runs here.... 
For those who hate Joe Buck as much as me, Gameday audio is currently about 1...
Thanks for that!
Guys some people were at my apartment for the NLDS one game, and I'll probabl...
If it's there for more than 24 hours, it's your's
It was definitely the right call to send him. There were two outs.
It was probably the big lead off of 2nd that made the guy think he was closer...
[Bill Murray is NOT wearing a Jimmy John's hat. He finishes his beer though, ...
so Kershaw will pitch game 2 and then every inning on until the end?
BAEWARD
Maeda has a good curve. 
Heyward!
Big time J HEY!
THREE
JHey Kid!
Jhey! 
Ahhh snap! J-Hey. 
That's a fast man right there. Sheesh
AWWW yis
#HeyJay
HEY HEY HEYWARD
Heyward!!!
Hnnngggghhhhh.
Heyward!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ATTA BOY HEYWARD
WHAT WAS THAT JOE BUCK?
jhey!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OOOOOHHHHH BABY A TRIPLE

MOM GET THE CAMERA
HEYWARD, all is forgiven.
J-Hey!

[deleted]
BEAWORD
That's impressive. Triples are pretty rare at Wrigley...
Hayward is so fast
HEYWARD THAT'S WHATS UP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6PbdJiAK84
THIS IS WHY THEY HAVE ME HERE
That was clean.
We waited so much for this, Heyward. So glad your bat finally arrived.
Heyward has been awesome lately
JAVY JAVY JAVY JAVY!!
Hey Hey!
HIT ONE ONTO THE ROOFTOPS JAVY
Wtf a squeeze with Javy?
Dont mind the squeeze play at all.
I'm starting to have a bigger attraction to Baez than Bryant. Sorry KBoo. 
Terrible bunt. Yikes. 
That ball just died in the corner, it's great. 
WOO
Holy fuck
Please stop batting Baez 7th.
Not a BaeBomb but I like it and that hustle to second.
javyyyyyyyyyy
JAVY ALWAYS MAKING MAGIC HAPPEN
If the Cubs do it this year Javy will go down in Chicago folklore. That'll be...
BAEZ WITH THE BLOOP DOUBLE!
Damn how did he make that a double? Hustle play right there
BAE-EZ!
REMEMBER WHEN HE DIDN'T HUSTLE LAST WEEK?!!  
Javy!!!!!!!!!!
Bringing the infield in really hurt the Dodgers there. 
Javy you motha fucking stud!
Home run Ross plsssss
CHOP SOME FUCKING WOOD!!!
Javy with the wheels!
C'mon gramps!

I feel something good from Lester here
Lets go Lester lets keep the pitcher trend going!
baeward and baez a nice combo there!
I am content the current state of things
Suicide squeeze time! 
"between him[Jake] and bumgarter" yeah fucking right
Here it comes!!!!
we buntin
Bring out a tee, that'll get more outs at this point. 
Come on Safety Squeeze!
Lester GOAT suicide squeeze coming up
Lester's gonna hit a dinger eventually. He's so strong and doesn't swing *awf...
Fuck the bunt just hit it out of the park :P
Lester about to crush a bunt 5 feet to give us a 3-0 lead.
Holy shit!
Javy is about to steal home
How did that happen!!!
That cheeky fucker 
ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS 
JAVP
WTF
My bad guys, I couldn't wait to score.
BAEZ WTF?! 
BITCHES LOVE JA-VY
Haha Javy had zero business scoring and I fucking love it
Javy!!! 
That's some backyard baseball stuff right there 
JAVY JAVY JAVY
Got damn!
WHAT CANT BAEZ DO
JAVY YOU BAD MAN
GOOD CALL. BAE-EZ!!!! 
Damn, Baez... kid's really something else.
Drop the mike, boys
Baez is a Mad Man!!!!
holy shit
Javier Baez is absolutely incredible. 
What the hell just happened?
A walk to Lester. Feel like we already have them on the ropes.
Maeda just got bodied by a pitchin nigga
Only Baez!!

Lol.
He just just took that base with no fucks given
Javy "The Jet Rodriguez" Baez
this is going pretty well
holy shit I love this game
God, I hope game two is this satisfying. 
It's really not that calculated. He hasn't watched much Cubs this year lol. 
Baez is the man.
Not in front of a TV...how did Javy steal home?
Missed squeeze play. Javy took off. Catcher threw back to third (poor throw) ...
The squeeze was on but Lester didn't bunt, Javy was too far away as their cat...
Had too big a lead. They threw to third and he said fuck it and slid in betwe...
Was leading off for Lester to drop a bunt, bunt didn't go down but Baez was w...
How, indeed!
Caught too far off the line as Lester was putting a bunt down.  Lester pulled...
with his magical powers of beauty and grace
They tried to pick him off at 3rd. He was in no-man's land, so he said "Fuck ...
He went too far off third on a pitch so Ruiz threw down there but Javy just t...
He just ran... catcher fucked up and tried for the throw behind him to third ...
Baez is the man who FUCKS
Let's Go Cubs! 
So glad I got my Baez shirt the before the playoffs, probably hard to get one...
Can you do your part in ensuring a Cubs v. Indians World Series? That might b...
Red C vs Red C baby
Can't see the game from where I am. Wanna see scoring vids. All that's under ...
DEX!
Jake does not give a fuck about this interview haha. 
What a catch!
What a catch Dex!!!
OH YEAH! DEX-FENSE!!
Dex! 
This defense!
I love this team!
Yeah, so, lets put the fucking game back on full screen. K, thanks
So do we Jake.. so do we
Sexy Dexy don't let anything drop
Pay this man or no pay this man? 
Famous Dex!
Is this the first anyone else has hear the Beard's voice? I was expecting a t...
He's from MA. 
You didn't see any of the tons of interviews after either no hitter? I think ...
Dexy!!!!
This defense is pretty good guys.
Hugs hugs hugs hugs hugs hugs hugs 
Tuck that chin, Ben!  
I feel like he's a little more tucked than usual. 
That's when he's the most locked in, according to Joe 
Does Fox really have to put ads in between at-bats? Friggin' really?
Weird, they're gettimg those outside strike calls that we're not
What if we gave Rizzo Zobrist's eyes :D 
Okay for real though why is Rizzo doing this to me 
c'mon addy

WHAT
Addie will bounce back
He's safe! 
He is safe. Fielding was slow AF.
Damn. Rizzo and Russell really need to get going
lol he started to say safe too it looked like. 
SAFE
Good job blue 
Oh challenge that shit, not in time and I think his feet was off
Ah fuck.
So the Badger game is on and no one will turn the game one unless "I go outsi...
I love how 670AM plays Kasabian's "Club Foot" sometimes when they return to b...
Always takes me back to playing mlb 2k13
Love that track so much.
If anything went wrong with that Baez throw, we would all probably be complai...
Jesus did Joe Maddon like mug this guy?
Is that Roberts being good, or them needing pitching help?
Holy Hell! Unbelievable catch
at least he didn't break his belt the same way as panda
this team came ready to fucking play tonight
Damn. 
jesus christ fowler what are you cause you sure ain't human 

still love that...
wow wow wow incredible. what a play
SEXY DEXY HATTRICK!
HOLYY SHIT
Wow. just fucking WOW
Audio stream died?...
It must be the shoes...
God dammit, why are they playing so deep?  /grumpy
Fuck the feed just went out 
Whew it came back, but this storm is getting worse. 
Still up for me
Maeda is scared of Lester
Swing away Lester. 
Two walks for Lester, wow.
lester's obp tho
I'm at work and trying to watch glimpses of the game between calls. It's not ...
Addi like, Yo I gots a glove too."
But I believe...defense can save the world.

*Avatar: TLA music*
Oh man that was a great series. The movie was a travesty though :(
What movie?
That live action...thing.
r/LakeLaogai 
THERE IS NO MOVIE IN BA SING SE
hehe
Joc Pederson? More like Joc strap. Or Joc Petersling if you will
Grandpa calling in an air strike
Joe Buck is when you are wiping and get a little poo on your hand: the person 
Fuck...
Shit.
Ew.
Pedro Baez next inning. ugh 
The lesser Baez.
well that sucks
Fuck.
Damn.
That's what we are supposed to be doing
I wonder why the dodgers designed their team to be so left handed 
ah shit
Wind blowing out hard, I see
Fuck the DH.
Well that was crap. 
we alright gents lets just watch the best team in baseball do their thing
Get ready for this game to slow down. Baez in
Well, the wind is there fit both teams, so....
Wind definitely shoved that one along, that looked like a lazy ole' fly ball ...
i predcit, many digner for the cub tonight.
I hope we force them to use Jansen again and his arm falls off!
Guess I have time to go to the bathroom
Welp this game is about to feel longer.
I can hear the helicopter on the radio now.
I keep hearing it on the TV and then over the apartment. It is weird.
Actually reverse that - over the apt. then on tv
I think Len's doing the radio play-by-play right now.

God his voice is like ...
COME ON RIZZO PUNISH THEM
Me gusta leadoff walks.
What's with the helicopters?
The answer is always Obama 
Is he at the game? Isn't he a Sux fan?
thanks, obama
Come on Rizzo
My god what's wrong with Rizzo?
Wtf is Rizzo doing
Feelsbadman
Pack that lip, Addy
Russel and rizzo look lost.
Needed an addy bat to go flying at least once!
LOL old Addi
What's the pitch count for this at bat? 
4 pitches and 34857 throws to first.
Was that a retro McDonald's hat Murray was just shown wearing? Keeping up the...
The fuck was up with that throw? 
This fucking resident sleeper of an inning
STOP THROWING OVER ROBERTS
ugh Baez
What is the worst commercial that you have seen tonight? 
The all of them
The HPV one
The "We literally filmed a focus group" Chevy commercials 
Anything with Skip Bayless
Great dive by Baez. And thankfully that is unambiguously an out.
Rizzo?
It was Rizzo.
Wasn't that rizzo?
google makes the iphone now?
Fuck this pitcher
I hear a Baez bomb coming.
That Snow "Informer" though
"He's the hottest guy in this lineup." You got that right.
how do we know pedro baez isn't just a really talented sloth in a really elab...
Javy really likes the postseason 
Javy!! Just on Fire!
Baez might be the best athlete of all-time
Dudes unstoppable
Is it unreasonable to thing that there might be a statue of Baez somewhere ar...
yeah it'll be finished before the other baez finishes this inning
Baez sure won that AB
Baezzzzz
LOVE ME SOME OF THAT BAEZ-ON-BAEZ ACTION
God I hope Rizzo turns it around, because Baez hitting after Bryant would hav...
CLEAN hit, Addi looking good. Hoping Ross can get a singer right here. 
Baez is seeing the ball well tonight. He's lighting it up, too!
Did someone come out with a new version of Forever Young since Rossy's last AB?
Lets go Rossy
Wood warming up in BP so he can pinch hit for Lester
OH MY GOD. THROW THE DAMN BALL. 
How many pitches is Lester so far? Seems early to pull him and get into the p...
77
70s I think. I see him starting but it depends on whether or not Ross gets on...
I think Baez is starting to psych out Baez
1 ball 2 Baez
Or would that be 2 Baez 1 Ball?
I don't like this.
Not in favor of this pinch hit. Especially with Soler 
I don't like this call. 
Ugh. We don't need to reach the bullpen now
Let's see some SOLER POWER!!!!
Come on Jorge!
Pedro 'Belated' Baez as he's known
Wtf why
Ugh can't we let Lester go one more he's under 80 pitches...
why so soon? He was only at 77 pitches.
Yeah, I gotta say I don't care for this move. I completely understand though....
Can we finally get a bullpen by the script? Strop Rondon Chapman? or all left...
I know why, we have some good lefties in the pen and if we can get some offen...
Uhhhh idk about that move joe. 
Sort of dead GDT? We have fewer posts than the /r/Dodgers thread
Personally, I'm watching the OSU-Wisc game.
I'm just too zoned in on the game. 
Thinking it's because there are a lot of people watching the game in groups/p...
I gotta think most peeps are out at bars and even better at the game.
They have a lot more to whine about 
Baez putting everyone to sleep.  Cant comment if napping..
I hate this move
I also disagree.
I hate this
DISAGREE
This is fucking bs
Dammit
That's a bunch of bullshit. 
Not sure on the reasoning. Coghlan is definitely a better choice.
Hopefully no more Baez.
cool ring
I gotta play some Pathfinder in the morning, can we hurry it up, Baez?
Good God that helicopter is ridiculous 
Woody is a gamer.  LETS GO 
Good shit Woody
Wood makes me nervous here
I don't like taking lester out at all
Wow. 
Spoiler: he didn't hit a walk off
The absolute madman maddon
Alright CJ. Do this
Sit down!
Filthy curve
Sheeeeit
Huge
I can breath again.
Out of that nonsense
Come on gingerbeard
I love me some Montgomery filth
BRING THE PAIN
\o/
That was scary but I knew Mike would get out of it
That's how you do it!  Mikey's smoking....Doddddgerrrrrrssss againnnnnn
So who do we go with as the setup man?
Stay with Montgomery probably. 
Paddor is an insane madman
.....a vasectomy commercial? Okay then. 
Plz no.
hey they caught it this time. 
Who do the Bears play this week?
Jaguars 
Jaguars
Jags at Soldier
The Soldier Field Injury Bugs.
Shit
Welp 
Toles who? He got some thick assed brows...
It's not fuckin automatic back there
I don't like the move to Chapman in the 8th if that is what Joe is thinking
WHAT
There is no way he didn't swing at that. 
Right??!?
What the fuck is this ump...
Fuck...
That's quite a bummer. Leave Strop let him get settled is my opinion? But aga...
Yep time far a fear dump
call it blue
Give Chapman pls
oooh boy
really? shit. 
Should have just gone around the horn...
Deep breaths. 
oh my.
God speed, liver, you'll need all the help you can get with the poisoning hea...
Live by Madden die by Madden.  
This is not good for my heart. 
*great*
Came back, saw the bases were loaded, panicked. WTH Strop?
Doesn't exactly help when the ump is squeezing your zone hard.
What the fuck is wrong with the 8th inning?
where are we in the batting order? any chance of Chapman getting an AB so we ...
He hates pitching across innings. Maddon knows it, too. 
nevermind then
Should be back at the top
I'm not a fan of the move but the Dodgers do suck against lefties in general....
Come on Chapman!
I'm worry, Chapman don't do well when he has to come in with people on base
I think we get a double play and a K to get out of this with a 1 run lead
Sounds about right to me.
thank god i have a lot of booze
Let's clinch those assholes tight, boys and girls!  We're going for a ride!
nah you guys got this
Meh, can't change the situation. I'm glad we have chapman available. Let's do...
Aroldis pls
I want strikeout, infield fly, strikeout. 
Assholes are clenched
C'mon...K and a DP...K and a DP...do it...
I am clenched so hard rn
Chapman's throwing a little soft today. Barely hitting a 100 MPH. Can't belie...
You were saying?
Hahaha get fucked
Is that pine tar behind his right ear?
CAN'T FLAP THE CHAPMAN
STRIKE HIM OUT
B I G
TWO MORE
Huge first out
Pucker Factor of 10 here
THATS HOW YOU FUCKING DO IT. EXTINGUISH THEM CHAPMAN
One down!
AROLDISSSSS
YES THANK YOU CHAPPIE
GIMMIE A DOUBLE PLAY 
Strikeout followed by GIDP. #believe
Well done Chapman
Fuckin huge out
#Big first out Chappy
One down, I'll take one run allowed at the very least 
Sit down!
Big strikeout
i punched myself in the ear celebrating that strikeout
GAS!!!!! CHA-MUTHAFUCKIN-CHING. 
Lol it's going to be OK peeps. Breathe in, breathe out...
Good start
GET REKT
There we go, now we gotta get the double play.
Seems weird that vaping is allowed in the stands. 
DP 
One!
Stop
I nearly went batshit crazy
Lol that guys face like I am NOT about to be the next Bartman
I looked away from the TV and the bases are loaded. Wtf? :(
shit happens ya know
Chapman's got this.
10 seconds until the mention Bartman
I'd love to see stats on how many times Chapman faced Puig in Cuba.
Good job by fans to not bartman
I love how every fucking person in that area just flew the fuck out of the way
He did not just bring up Bartman.
Oh Rizzo :(
Muting does wonders, folks
Puig K!
Oh my God he's doing it
I can't breathe 
#CHAPKKMAN
Oh baby...
Chapman you madman.
CHAPMAN THA GAWD
CHAPMAN 
#puigyourvictim
Fucking hell Chapman
LET'S GO. One more Chapman!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
There you go chap, two out
If Chapman retires everyone here on 3Ks, we might have to start talking about...
Man, Chapman. Just one more.
SIT DOWN PUIG. LETS FUCKING GO 
THIS. IS. WHY. THIS. IS. WHY. AHHHH!!!
 2 down! Keep dealing fire!!
CHAPMAN!!!!!! 
I BELIEVE!
Cheddaaaaaaa
FUCK YEAH
I'm gonna die... 

1 more out
YESSS!! Almost!!!
CHAPMAN YOU MADMAN
Chapman has struck out the last 5 batters he's faced.  
GET REKT
My neighbors either think I'm having the best sex of my life or perhaps I'm w...
ok Adrian, keep doing what you told Puig to do
One might say I'm slightly nervous.
Pretty sure my arm would fly off if i threw a ball as fast as chapman
Fuck..
#FUCK
Fuckkkkk :(
dammit
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
Well fuck. 
Fuck
FUCK!!!
FUCK! I thought he had it too
Damn it
Gotta be fucking kidding me
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK!
Mother fucker
Gonzos always fuck us in the postseason I guess.
GOD DAMN IT
Fuck
fucking shit

SON OF A BITCH
FUCK
FUCK
Dang it
Plz hold me.
Jesus 
GOD DAMMIT
meh we still got plenty of outs to work with
FUCK
Who do we have up in Top 9? 
HOW DO YOU JUST FORGET HOW TK FIELD A GROUND BALL?
Jesus... Our boys sure like making us sweat....

(But I'm not worried yet)
FUCK
 Well...crap.
Son of a fuck
FUCK FUCK FUCK
FUckkkkckckcck
Here is still time, need this out
😡
FUCKKK LETS FUCKING GO BOYS!!!! GET LOUDER WRIGLEY!
For everyone blaming Chapman, that's on Fowler.  that bobble.
it's happening now. moving to the bottom, and getting runs. here we go.
Where are we in the lineup?
Benzo, Russell, Heyward I believe
Fuccckkkk
I feel like whenever I am finally able to turn on the game something bad happ...
That grounder just gave me a heart attack.
THANK YOU BASED RIZZO
Bats will just have to get back to work.
Once per game we just completely fall apart. We gotta quit doing that shit. F...
Let's get the bat on the ball
That's frustrating as fuck, we were one out away from getting out of that.
Baeward is going to come up big!
Luckily they only got 2 because Chap saved the day. We could be playing behin...
Lets get some offense going. We still got this.
Fowler walk off. 
Joe Blanton looks like a more hickish Jim Gaffigan 
Hell yeah Zobrist!!
#basedzobrist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mILMJiDiqVY#t=45s
Welp. This is exactly how game 4's rally started.
ZORILLA!!
FUCK YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Now let's get him home!
There you go! More of that!
FUCK YEAH ZOB!!
There we go. Nice start in the inning.
ZOBBBBB
Zo!!!

Let's take back the mo!
bunt benzo over 
Z!
COME ON BOYS!
HERE

WE

GO

#DONTBESCARED
Russell better fucking bunt. Dude can't hit for shit right now 
Might be a good time to bunt
BENZO
THAT'S what's up! 
Zobrist's Royal instincts kicking in
FUCKING CALL IT!! Z-MAN!!!
Nice.
WE FUCKING GOT THIS!!!!!!
Zobrist always comes up big 
What are these pitches?
You know who's bullpen sucks? 
NOT THE CUBS'
The Reds?
[deleted]
No one warming
dude we might see chapman bat lol
103mph bat speed?
yes
TAKETAKETAKE
Cubs take my energy... all the way from australia
Addy chasing :/
Come on, Russell
Bummer.  I like Joe's idea of a bunt, but at the same time I get why they did...
Addy come on this can't go on forever
Glad nobody is on first for Heyward lol 
what the fuck does "live mas" even mean?
Didn't study Englspanish did you?
Javy, please do your thing!
I'm feeling Javy is about to cement his name in history 
Don't chase Javy... Don't chase.
LIVE MAS BITCHES
Walking Heyward to get to Baez, okay!
Soooo this intentional walk...
Let's do this Javy!
This looks like a gift
Why did they walk Hayward?
I'm wondering if they want to force Chapman out of the pitchers spot
I guess they haven;t heard that he's nearly an automatic out.
Set up a double play scenario. 
Their scouting accidentally watched last years Heyward tape.  
LOL walk our weakest offensive player of the season to get to the man who has...
COME ON BAEZ
Is Dave Roberts even watching the game?
inB4 Javy HR
Baez Bomb incoming

Edit: I have failed you 
JavyTime
JAVY I GIVE YOU ALL OF MY POWER. IF YOU HIT ONE ONTO WAVELAND I WILL DO SOMET...
Joe needs to be saved by the boys tonight
NOW BAEZ SLAMS A DINGER NO DOUBT
Solid bleeping job there
Man...Javy played into the head game.
...o...kay?   
\*shrugs* Dongs, anyone?
Well it worked for them but that was a terrible decision 
Damn! We got this!
dangit

shoot
Son of a bitch
Fuck
Russell grounder looming huge 
Damnit. Why Coughlin instead of Contreras? 
Poop
Damn, good movement on the pitch, if Baez gets a little more of that then it'...
Wow 2 bad at bats
It's ok Javy, you've done a ton for us.
or that. meh. 
Baez pissed
I have zero faith in Coghlan here. Prove me wrong, Cobra!
Yeah, he might swing at these pitch outs? :D
PLEASE GIVE ME A GAME WITH NO WORRIES I WANT TO LIVE TO SEE THE WORLD SERIES 
I'm confident in Rondon. 
Haha ballsy move here 
So has Roberts been paying attention or nah?
Put in contreas
BOOOOOOOOOOOO
Looks like Miggy is going to pinch hit.
wow. an intentional walk with first and second....
PUT IN CONTRERAS NO MONTERO
Montero?? Why not Willy?
Way to get on Cogs
[deleted]
Lester's a gamer. He can't be happy right now. Hope the team salvages a win. 
Make 'em pay, Miggy.
Wilson?

WIIIIILLLSSSSOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNN
I would love if coghlan just went over to them intent walking and just ripped...
Something something 4D chess.
Make them pay Miggy
montero?
Both of these managers are so great honestly
I liked this game so much more when it wasn't fucking with my blood pressure.
I mean, I would rather have Javy up than anyone in that spot. 
Clutch hit here, Miggy. PLEASE
this would be the spot we would want Tommy boy in...
[deleted]
Interesting choice to go with Miggy here.
Joe fucking with them
Why not Contreras 
Because of that :) And because Miggy is a leftt
I am never questioning Joe again lol
Walk, HBP, or HR for maximum lols
Miggy, please smash.
He did!!
Come on Miggy!
I hate putting this game in Miggy's hands. 
Worked out :)
Lol
Come on montero!!!!
I can't..
ALL THESE MOTHERFUCKERS ARE SWINGING FOR THE FENCES GOD DAMNIT BASES ARE LOAD...
Told ya gang. 
Rizzo dong incoming 
Chapman only threw an inning thank god. Our bullpen may get out of this in on...
THANKS FOR RUINING THE FUN ANTHONY
Ah yuss it's my boy Hector
Miggy living large right now in the dugout. :D
Rondon is killing it.
That was weird.
This is a great place for Rondon to get back some confidence.
Pederson can fondle my Joc...
Toles' stance is like those weird fuckers in Baseball Stars on NES.
I'm not sure of Rondon is looking good or they are making him look good

some...
The stuff looks hot to me
bad timing :(
Ugh I retract my previous statement :(
Wtf Rondon! 
Rondon lookin good!
lol
yeah, being on a stream sucks sometimes. 
alright let's just get these two outs 
I know I should care but I can't be bothered
Rondon is STRUGGLING lately
Dammit. Come on guys.
Eh. 
Meh, we're good
Time to get someone else up in the pen.
dumb pitch choice
Relax. Its one run. 
aw shit
Joe will never learn. Chapman can't go in the 8th.
Eh it's just an unfortunate position more than anything, our setup guys were ...
Dude almost got out of it.
Lol that's not a thing
Maddon wants to be cute with pitching match ups... 
Really don't like that Lester is coming out, Soler doesn't deserve it.
[deleted]
Except it actually doesn't. Ever heard of a LOOGY?
😬😬😬
Oh fuck
Rizzo needed to catch that baseball
Doesn't change anything since Puig got out anyway. That was a tough play, I d...
puig still struck out it wasn't on him
Lucky it's tied. KB mental error, Strop was ass, Joe bad pull of Lester, Fowl...
That was Strop, btw.
Yup, fixed. 
Rondon didn't pitch 
Strop, sorry. You know what I meant but "thanks." 
+1
FUCK THE CLOSER
#LetsFuckingGo
FUCK YEAH JOE BUCK
This is the funniest comment in the thread so far
What channel is the game on? Can't find it!
FS1
fS1 
FS1
Fs1
FS1
Not showing up on Fox Sports Go app on phone and Roku, which it normally does.
Seager worries me as this series progresses 
Only about 15 seconds behind "live" after syncing up Pat & Ron to the FS1 fee...
Cmon bats - time to wake up!  winds blowin' out!
is there a helicopter flying right over Wrigley? some weird noise coming thro...
Was wondering the same thing. 
sounds like it.
Gotta get those nice closeups of the moon without the interference from the s...
Yes
let's get some runs get to their bullpen early
Love how impatient the Dodgers are being. Let's make sure the Cubs are as pat...
Let's work that pitch count. 
I hate hatchbacks
That's an ugly ass car 
ford focus rs for life
Amen.  First thing I told the salesman when I was buying my new car: "I don't...
Some lovely background on tonight's umpire Bill Welke http://deadspin.com/590...
11 pitch inning by Johnny. Let's go boys. 
Get the friggin bat's going boys and let's put a knife in them!
Damn you guys have too many lefties :(
Live in Madison, WI. The city is going CRAZY over the OSU game. I couldn't gi...
Those hitting numbers ಠ_ಠ 
burger, sausage burrito, milkshake, beer, cubs game. feels goodman
16 wins is a good month? Lol
YOU GO WE GO.
I thought Maeda was a lefty
DEXY STATUS: SEXY
FOWLER WE GOOOO
You go we go!
#YOU GO WE GO
LETS GO FOWLER
Just dropped in to say

LET'S FUCKING GO! NLCS BABY!  
Atta boy Dex!
Once again disappointed by Rizzo

Great job tho, Bryant
The middle of our order really has become a black hole
4/5 line drives and low fly balls. I'll take that.
Upskirt cam!!
why is that dude so irritated he's got a dog in his car :(
because tiny dogs are only for women and gays /s
God damn does Joe Buck love to hear himself talk
That and hair plug surgery
Jesus fucking Christ, that catch...
Fucking wind
Fuck you Baez, way to go BAEz!
That was a bullshit move. 
#BELOVED MY ASS, JOE
Calm down. I don't get why you guys dump on Cheli. Sure he's an asshole, but ...
FUCK
Can we not?
It's always the fucking 8th inning
Whelp, my asshole is tightly clenched.
Fucking Strop

**LETS GET THESE OUTS AND WIN THIS GAME**
FUCK FUCK FUCK
Well fuck...
Fuck you toles! And fuck you turner! 
I mean this didn't work game 3
Fucking hell. Maddon over managed again. 
Can't fault KB for thinking 2. Ball was hit a little bit harder than he thoug...
5-4-3 was probably safer there. 
He could have had 2 by going to second. 
EVERY FUCKING TIME
baseball fucking sucks
That's why you don't ask for six outs from a closer. 
Fuck. just fuck. 
Chapman has protected 60% of the leads that the Cubs have had this postseason.
you come into a game with the bases loaded and nobody out and do better
Alright this is a terrible decision 
Eat your words doubters.
Holy fuck
HOLY, JESUS FUCK.
Cubbies gonna beat the dodgers by so much they might as well cancel the rest ...
lol
#wearegood
Rizzo just shitting the bed right now.
He's got at least three games to get out of his funk
RONDON PLEASE
Y'all a bunch of chicken littles. 
We are going to sweep these fools!!!
Lmao
Chill. 
Check the username
Read his /u/
Well he is, by his own admission, a knee jerk Cubs fan.
Starting to look like Rizzo is a bust in the postseason. I love the guy and t...
Small sample size much?
What's a good sample size then? 
oh god we're imploding
ONE DOWN

26 TO GO
Pls no
Wo ah woah woah. Counting outs has been banned since 03 friend.
[deleted]
Joe micromanaging is going to kill us
What was Kris thinking there?
I don't know if he was thinking, bad fundamentals
All the fake-ass fans who are backseat managing a guy like Joe Maddon should ...
GET SOME FLAIR NOOB.
Half inning down... Now here come the good guys
Oh for fuck fucking sake
Fucking lol
omfg
Why do we forget how to field so often?
This is fucking ridiculous.
Addy has been straight up garbage. DAmn
[deleted]
Do you honestly think that? Games not even over. 
I hate the drawn out ending, sounds like shit

I know, unpopular opinion 
~~If you're a baseball fan I highly suggest watching this game alongside the ...
Did you just reply to the wrong thread?
Yeah, I feel like an asshole. Cheering for you guys, I promise. Didn't think ...
No worries! I've had a few and wanted to make sure I was in the right thread ...
I mean can i just watch it once? 
um
[deleted]
JFC it's only TIED, we're don't have to climb a god damn mountain to get the ...
Taking Lester out looking bad right now.  
It'll make sense in a few days.
The bullpen hasn't blown the lead...
It was one fucking walk.... There's 2 outs. 
One swing from tying it.   Every pitching change brings a higher chance one o...
Jesus fuck dude give it a rest. Lester had base runners too. They've been a s...
How about stfu?  White knight carry on.  
Ah yes, me being annoyed with your incessant whining makes me a white knight....
Hey look at the game.   That's what I thought.  
SUCK A DICK, I AM LOOKING AT THE GAME FUCK YEAH
You so cool mr vulgar.  Such intelligence.  Montero bailed out Joe but I am g...
Yeah people have opinions.  Don't like it?  Stfu and carry on.  Your white kn...
K
Aaaand we're falling apart. I love it....
This isn't going to end well. When will Joe learn.
Have a little faith :)
#I TOLD YOU PULLING LESTER WAS A MISTAKE 
#MAYBE IT WAS BUT WHO CARES WE GOT OUT OF THE INNING
#I WAS POINTING OUT THAT I WAS WRONG 
#AH, I MISSED THE JOKE
#HAPPENS TO THE BEST OF US 
How???? We got three outs and no runs in
that's the joke. I'm making fun of myself.
Well, I mean...it didn't gain anything.
Man Joe is incredible at managing personalities/people, but he is not unbelie...
I think the 103 wins prove you wrong.
A couple people have said this.  Who gives a shit how many games we won in th...
Right, because he hasn't won 200 games in 2 seasons...
He is, more often than not. Take a look at the weirdo games we won with bizar...
Sure, and multiple games were lost when Joe left a pitcher in too long too.  ...
And I think you're wrong.
Data service for AT&T is sucking ass in the park tonight. I would post more b...
4G and wireless don't do well when there's a lot of water. People are primari...
Watch the game. Don't even check the phone. You paid a boatload for those tic...
Please don't complain about being at Wrigley right now...
[A taste of the spiciness that is coming](http://imgur.com/a/jH4BO)

/u/Jdhil...
Lol I was actually going to do a very similar picture with Baezs head on Quic...
Can rizzo ever be productive in the postseason? fuck
Holy fuck Joe cut this shit out and let him pitch 
[deleted]
not his fault he got fucking squeezed
That's just straight up false.
[deleted]
The most frustrating thing is that Chapman has blown 2 saves already in the p...
those two blown saves he was basically told to jump on a hand grenade and hop...
You can't save in the 8th
"Blown" He was brought in with the tying/go ahead runs on both times. It's no...
Oh hey here's a big lead. Try to blow it
[deleted]
You're the worst
11 pitches. Nice inning Jon. 
Great start. Let's get some runs!
Hendricks vs Kershaw is dope though 
Good work Jon!! Let's grab an early lead!
Fucking Chevy commercials
They are so bad, Fuck that emoji commercial too
What's the Viagra commercial count?
Great Start. Lester kept the pitch count down 
Plz be woke bats
And the VR commercials 
I have seen that commercial at least a dozen times this postseason.
#WHERE IS HOT DOGS?
That Chevy commercial pissed me off
Let's go Dex!
11 pitches was nice
I think the boys are gonna see maeda well 
# YOU GO I CHEER
fuck
Damn Maeda has got some fucked up eyebrows.
Jesus Christ Dexter
Did he say mask high. 

Jesus Javys been good but he's not hitting a ball at ...
Think he meant catcher's
maybe he meant ruiz's mask
Oh. 
Joe Bucks color is cancer
Lester doesn't have his best stuff tonight, but is still getting the job done...
The fuck?
Damn Rizzo, you couldn't hit that with a boat piddle 
To be fair boat piddles are really hard to swing.
Lots of wind resistance
TILT YOUR HATS!
God damn it
Jesus.
Fuck
Shit fuck shit
Fuck
That's the first one I've seen Rizzo miss there.  Gotta catch that one Rizkid
That was a tough play, not surprised he couldn't get it.
Who has Joe Buck's address.  Time to send him a gift of sorts..
oh no
Welp...got a game now.
And now we have almost no bullpen. Sweet. 
[deleted]
It's one game fam 
Swinging at ball fucking four fuck
That's our Russell!
Goddamnit Addi. 
Terrible at bat
God dammit Russ
Fucking hell russell. God dammit
what even is this clusterfuck
Montero to pinch? ....?
I still want Willson getting that at-bat rather than Montero
Seemed to have worked out ok. 
The ends don't justify the means. You have to play the odds.
Good thing we're up by 5
[deleted]
Who the fuck else are we gonna put out there?
What else were we gonna do? I think that was the right call. Leaving it just ...
Well, we're fucked 
No, we're not.
Maybe Rizzo just isn't a postseason player
Tell r/baseball and see how many yell sample size at you haha. They're crazy ...
Because it's true
He did well in SF when we needed him. He'll be alright
In that he had one hit?
This is dumb. 
Did anyone else notice what appeared to be pine tar behind Chapman's right ea...
26! Too early?
Stop 
That'll be the ballgame... Chapman with runners on. He has zero confidence in...
[deleted]
We're so screwed.
Hold your horses bro we got Chapman 
If we=the Dodgers then yeah
Can rizzo get any worse? I don't understand him. 
[deleted]
GO HOME CAROLINE
Holy christ you are toxic
Srsly go away.
God damn it...Joe Buck is broadcasting
Someone get him a hair plug.
Yo as hype as I am for this game. I'm just as hype to get the Google pixel 
Grrrrrrrr my wife and I are gonna get those but we have to wait until the end...
So far, this is the most Fuck The Cardinals game yet
Well I was feeling really confident. Come the fuck on Lester
Hey now, 1 run allowed in 5 innings is pretty good.
When I said that I thought there was a runner on
[deleted]
Keep playing them
If we keep winning you don't fuck with it. 
[deleted]
Wood doesn't need to face a righty. Burning Wood as a LOOGY is smart.
Our entire bullpen doesn't consist of one pitcher.
WTF Kris
[deleted]
he should just chew some of those stupid fucking australia chewing sticks for...
BITE THE WEENIE, RIZZ
Some fuckers in this thread are upvoting Cardinals fans?! Mods can we permaba...
Did anyone else know that this Rizzo guy is terrible at baseball?

Edit: appa...
Jesus fuck I'm growing the hate the phrase "when he goes the Cubs go."

Every...
Woah, chill the fuck out.
I'm just saying, it's literally the only thing they've said about him this po...
[deleted]
No. This is on Maddon for the Lester gamble.
And then he doubled down on it every time he rotated pitchers 
Completely. He was at 77 fucking pitches.
Another fucking instance of the offense letting up in a postseason game. 
Time to bench Russell.  I don't care he is way too bad right now.  
[deleted]
Jesus Christ you're toxic. 
🎶 with a taste of your lips, I'm on a riiiiiide 🎶
[deleted]
is it time to drop rizzo in the order?

edit: sorry
No way. He'll come around.
I mean....people really calling for rizzo to go down the the line up???? Whil...
i hope so but he's been pretty bad recently
You got another first baseman lying around?
No. 
We're winning the World Series ladies and gentlemen.
*Thou shalt not temp the Lords thy Baseball Gods.*
This almost makes me want to bench Addison and move Javy to short.
Just bench him? I think he should be sent back to AA to fix his swing. His de...
>almost
Glad you're not managing 
>almost
Russell is too good to bench
>almost
Not almost. He is.
No I was saying that's why I said "almost". I agree with you.
[deleted]
That's really not true at all.

It was a risk and we could use the offense. W...
Why to order from StubHub if you go the secondhand route: They've got your ba...
*Fast forward 30 seconds on podcast player*
Hahaha. :)
Haha yeah that's true, but if you want a really GREAT deal, go to DollarShave...
Did you get paid for that? I bet you got paid for that. 
I wasn't paid for this. Wait, can I get paid for this?
Bullshit. 
No, I'm just a man who likes their product and endorses it. Say what you will...
we're fucked we're fucked we're fucked
I'm gonna need you to have faith and calm yourself down.
We took on Chapman for a reason
Dude. Did we not just talk about this during Game 5 on the last series.
fuck you
