Well, look at at this way. We KNOW we can take one on the road. Their rotatio...
I actually feel confident in any matchup:

Arrieta v. Hill

Lackey v. Maeda o...
[deleted]
Wasn't much he could have done this game or any of the others.
Sometimes players don't play as well as they usually do. Let's hope that on T...
Rizzo has been garbage this postseason
We all know what he's capable of. No reason he can't snap out of it. 
He has a .449 career postseason OPS. He's becoming like A-Rod. Spectacular se...
Much smaller sample size. Let's wait to crown him the next A Rod.
Honesetly the thing im most upset about is that I have to wait two days for t...
I need songs to boost my mood to play on the Jukebox.  I had Go Cubs Go lined...
Cubs in Five by the Mountain Goats
Arrieta: Game 3
Lackey: Game 4
Lester: Game 5
Dodgers can't match the Cubs pi...
Dodgers are now 4-0 this postseason when Kershaw pitches, 0-3 when he doesn't
Somebody jump Eric cooper in the parking lot please
That was excruciating, but one win in LA and we're back to even, and the Dodg...
Gotta get the bat off your shoulders to hit the ball. Offense had a very roug...
This isnt supposed to be easy guys, we played very good pitching, and played ...
Guys, I'm tired of seeing this negative energy flaoting around the sub. None ...
I'd like to shit in Joe Buck's mouth.
Our pitchers did their job today. I'm happy with that performance. I'm NOT ha...
Just be positive man. That's all we can do as fans. Let's Go cubbies!!
Rizzo, Russell, and Heyward.  WTF is up with your hitting?  Fuck.
Stay positive man!! We looked great and had some hard cuts! We look great! le...
Heyward actually hasn't been awful on offense during the postseason. If anyth...
Until Tuesday...
Shit.  Ass.
It was always gonna be tough to win the Kershaw game. The Cubs have the advan...
Rough night. Pick this back up in LA. As a skidish fan, this still hasn't got...
*skittish
sorry Cubbies, but at least Kershaw goes away
Btw, Fuck Gonzalez. 
He's such a smug asshole
Fuck the world. Fuck it all. Burn it down.
Alright, we got Arrieta starting Game 1 of the remaining 5-game series.
We will get 'em! Go Cubs!
Kershaw had a great night, but so did our defense and pitching.  We held them...
This may sound weird but I hate the 2-3-2 layout of baseball playoff series. ...
You mean like hockey
Yeah or NBA
Or basketball?

MLB does have a really wonky format.
Its because of the traveling but I agree with you
Yeah I understand, just still seems bad to me.
Teams gotta travel, that would, in my opinion, create too many days where no ...
True, but it also isn't like teams don't do that during the regular season. 
Rizzo and Addy need to figure it the fuck out... 
As bad as the ump was, it doesn't excuse basically 5 out of 6 games of horrid...
Ump completely fucked Kris there.  
That ump fucked us that whole game. 
Rizzo needs to be moved down in the order. He literally has provided no value...
expected 1-1, still looking good now that the Cubs don't have to face Kershaw...
Unless he goes on again on 2-3 day rest.
Unless he goes on again on 2-3 day rest.
He isnt perfect, just like MadBum wasnt. Doesn't guarantee a win for them.
doesn't mean fans should already be throwing in the towel and holding their h...
I love how the umpire was patting Dave Roberts on the shoulder with a big shi...
Right!?! What the Fucking FUCK is up with that! 
Fucking rigged.
Quietly into the night. Gotta make some adjustments. 
Alright guys. Let's hope that this helps the law of averages. You can't miss ...
 Our bats need to wake the fuck up
I don't feel bad about this one. They are fucked 
Which team?
Which team?
Cannot win a game with those kinds of calls 
We're alright. We'll get em Tuesday.
Meh. Fuck it. 
fucking 2-3-2. so retarded
While I agree the 2-3-2 format is ridiculous and stupid, you gotta believe th...
How much money do we need to spend to score 1 fucking run?!
however much money it takes to put clayton kershaw on our team
Cubs will get them back on Tuesday.
We just got Kershawed. He is an amazing pitcher.
7 game series. Lets go get em Tuesday boys!
Downvote me all you want but rizzo needs to watch a fucking game
Or at least get moved down the lineup 
It's frustrating, but I think you have to leave him in and have faith he'll b...
I'd say the ump gets the W for this game. Christ.
Fuck that ump, fuck kershaw, fuck the Dodgers...We're taking the next 3 games.
haha joke's on them, now they have to face California Jake on Tuesday.  Hope ...
He lost last time so hopefully he does better this time.
He didn't, he left with a lead 
He will if he gets the same
Strike zone they got tonight
Rizzo is just such a disappointment right now
Fuck Kershaw and fuck that ump. 
The Dodgers didn't win this. Shitty ump cost the Cubs a W.
That's just not even true. Kershaw won that game 
Ill give you he pitched well but that strike zone was more inconsistent than ...
eh. still five more games to play. 
Sigh...oh well, regroup and beat em in LA, smog should hold up fly balls very...
meh

they could only score 1 run off our human pitching staff i like our chan...
This offense seriously have to wake up.
Let's get 'em Tuesday! 
Fuck this fucking fucked up fuck of an ump.
3 games in LA....... ugh 
Will they ever changing to the 2-2-1-1-1 format? 
take 2 of 3, win the pennant at home

or take 3 of 3, win the pennant on the ...
THAT WAS A FUCKING BALL!!!!  
And honestly, I'm so fucking sick of FS1. Honestly pathetic. I hope they don'...
Fuck it, let's go kick their ass in LA
Today was awful.
On to the next, its still not over!
Welp. They got one.

Dear more tightly wound Cubs fans: this is normal. The o...
I just don't like the 2-3-2 format
I don't either. I guess it's easier on the players/staff/media though.
2 hits all night. Not going to get many wins like that
well it's not like clayton kershaw was clayton kershaw tonight

i like our ch...
The Dodgers only had 3. One just happened to be a HR. Not like they walked al...
We won't be facing Kershaw and their very good closer each game though.
Well, fuckity.
Fuck that cock stain behind the plate.
1-0 game. Fuck me that is frustrating. 
Damn
Ump 1 cubs 0
Fuck it, we'll win the series 4-1
[deleted]
Wtf did Joe do
It's ok guys, on the bright side. We know we have more Cubbies baseball... ^^...
annnnd the cubs shit their way out of home field advantage. :(
They still have home field advantage 
you have a 5 game series now, with 3 of the games in LA.  No, they don't.
That's not how that works. 
cali jake goes tuesday, and LA's pitcher is not a living god so i like our ch...
Only need to steal 1 to even it out.
Don't worry boys, it's a seven-game series. 
Fuck this ump.
fuck this fucking ump
There is a great chance that that was the series. FUCK.
nope, that is not even close.
There is a great chance that you are a shitty, overreactive, hyperbolic Cubs ...
This is the kind of overactive bullshit that makes me hate this sub when we'r...
Dude, shut up. The series is tied.
What do you even mean? So you're saying the dodgers winning a 1-0 game is the...
Seriously man. It's a best of 7 series. Calm down
Lol
I don't even know what a strike zone is anymore
it is whatever clayton kershaw says it is
Apparently anywhere in the general direction of an umpire these days.
FUCK 
Worst calls I've seen in ever. Fuck everything about this game.
God damn it
Ump is blinder than a bat. Can we get a Gofundme for his LASIK surgery?
that's the saddest hitting performance i've maybe ever seen
maybe credit kershaw for pitching out of his fucking mind too

he's the great...
Load of horseshit.  Shit umps.
Well that's shit.
Well that result was butt
guess we get to get fucked over by the ump this game. 
Fucking A. 
Boo
Fucking A. 
Fuck.
god damnit. 
Where is the fucking OFFENSE
Well, time to win some games in LA.
Man fuck that, GG. 
Games like this make me wonder if there was some $$$$ being involved in this ...
Pathetic.
All right Rizzo, I'm feelin' those good vibrations.  Let's go!
Rizzo redeem yourself
A 2nd inning home run ends the game. They sincerely need to do something abou...
Maybe so, but Kershaw to Jansen is honestly probably the best starter-closer ...
The strike zone has been fucking awful all night. 
Dan near hit kb in the knees and it's a strike?
What a shit strike 1
what are you supposed to do when the ball is THAT OUTSIDE. FUCK YOU
Widest fucking strikezone i've ever seen there.
Kill me. 
Fuckin hell
This fucking ump
Umpire giving them this game
Fuck this home ump 
Where did the offense go? Cmon boys! 
blame the ump
Whoa, pink hat guy has a reaction to something!
TRIGGERED.
That first pitch call though
That's the kind of call that can blow an entire game. Let's hope it doesn't.
Ya, that first pitch was a god awful call
Needs more helicopter
#ALRIGHT LETS GO RIZZO BABY
Wtf are you waiting for Bryant? A handjob?
Why are you taking with the ump fucking you so bad?
Let's gooooo RIZZZZZOOOOOOOOO! LETS GOOO BABBYYYYYYYY
There should be repercussions when an ump blows a call THAT badly.
This is why we need a computerized strike zone.  Umpires in baseball are all ...
Need umpires. Just not calling balls and strikes. We have the technology and ...
I would like to win tonight.
Big if true
Interesting strategy, Cotton.
Me too thanks. 
Big, if true.
Should I pull out the rally blanket?
Save the rally blanket for when it's absolutely necessary.
Agreed, it shall be at hand if needed.
That would be kinda cool
Hot take!
I'm on my way in to go to the game. Kershaw doesn't look like Kershaw so far,...
I hope you have as much fun as I did yesterday
I can only hope. Doubt it'll top the playoff game I saw last year, but I'm re...
Kershaw doesn't scare me. He got hit very hard in his appearance on Tuesday a...
The fans need to stop jumping up every time a batter hits a pop up, makes me ...
Shit gets me every time.
Aren't 9th inning walk-offs just one of the most exciting events in all sport...
Perfect end to the weekend, and probably a sign of a great week ahead.
\#LetCragCragSleep
Those are my favorite kinds, we could use a few more before the seasons over!
"With Kershaw pitching its like... less of a fighting chance"

The eloquence ...
He's not wrong though :/
[giffed the Baez kiss/wink for you guys](https://gfycat.com/GlumDigitalEgret)
This is beyond sexy 
Came here looking specifically for this. You the real MVP. (Well, after Baez....
Took you long enough
Yeah....I feel like a dirty old lady when I moon over him
HnnnnnnÃ±nng
OH. MY. GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
you're the hero we need
I do what I can lol
I'm beginning to question things about myself I thought I knew before watchin...
#FUCK THE CARDINALS
FUCK ALL THE BIRD TEAMS!
As usual I cannot sleep at all. Added challenge of being unbearably hungover ...
I'm not worried, Cubs do most of their scoring in the 8th and 9th innings.  
That's the definition of worrying for me.
[The Creation Of Baez](http://imgur.com/N1EuHWX)
Another masterpiece my friend
Thank you sir!
We have quite the renaissance painting collection going on in this sub. 
I'd like to see a Hopper, personally.
His work doesn't really lend itself to sports hype.  Not nearly as dramatic a...
Theo is bringing the Golden Age
Approved 
The pizza girl just said go cubs when she dropped of the za, so i tipped her ...
She's alright.
Should have shown her your dick
OH MY GOD I NEED THAT GIF
https://gfycat.com/GlumDigitalEgret
THANK YOU BASED EFITZ11
I'm gonna watch the rest of the game naked to see if it helps. 
pics
Godspeed comrade 
Chicago Bears:  à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤ CUBS TAKE MY ENERGY à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤
> TAKE MY ENERGY

[I finally looked this up.](http://slangit.com/meaning/take...
I've already given up on the bears this season. I'll still watch the games bu...
what energy lol
The energy needed to get the number 1 draft pick.

They used it quite well to...
Pace will blow it, I have faith
GAH!! I'M HERE! I'M ACTUALLY HERE!!! I'M AT AN NLCS GAME!!

Now that that's o...
Have fun 
Hope u brought some kittens
RELEASE THE KITTENS!! 

In other news, Jonathan Toews is sitting a few rows u...
Harper: What if I just hit a walkoff booooommmb???
Teenager: You didn't. You'...
RIP
Everyone I've ever known named Chase has been a dick.  I assume Utley is no d...
He's not all bad. He destroys the Mets like Chipper Jones 
Just realized tonight is my 108th home game over the last two years. Can't be...
What the hell do you do for a living??
That's Miggy's alt account.
Miggy is a tequila guy
Holy crap that is impressive!
All these Dodger fans are saying that they got to Lester and would have won i...
Yeah people saying they got to Chapman, don't really get inherited runs.
I sort of agree that they were hitting the ball well against Lester. Fortunat...
Sure they had some hard contact, but it's not as big of a deal when coaches p...
Our defense isn't lucky. They are that good. 

But line-drives directly towar...
He was definitely bailed out a bit. No matter how good your defense is, you n...
Also the way the Dodgers just couldn't get a break on balls in play last nigh...
Yes both those Fowler catches were right to him. Grasping at straws here. Als...
Agreed. Playoff baseball is about who takes advantage of the other teams misc...
Javy's baseball IQ is nuts
I desperately want Rizz and Addy to start hitting. These ABs are getting tort...
Yeah, I mean I could understand if they were up against an elite pitcher, but...
I just want em to succeed. I know they can do it. 
Yeah because they've been so good before this game.
#If it bleeds, we can kill it. 
https://youtu.be/37A3v2b7gyQ

Warning. Loud. 
He caught that shit barehanded?!? Woah!!
I seem to remember a game where the Cubs were losing going into the 9th with ...
/u/unfortunatelylawless
/u/rudas_iskariot


Made a [thing](http://imgur.com/i...
That creative mind of yours is getting a workout!
Seems accurate.
Lmao 
Can it say this DP has been approved by the chi cubs DP queen?
[Good?](http://imgur.com/S3ffhjS)
Approved
[deleted]
The giraffe makes it all pervy and ruins it
Say it with me......

#WE DON'T QUIT, WE DON'T QUIT, WE DON'T QUIT!!!
#WE NEVER QUIT

#WE NEVER QUIT
I'm pretty sure you can still see the ump's cum in Kershaws beard from before...
Nah I think Kersh's cum would be in the ump's facemask but that's just me
Let's get through the top half of the 9th and walk this off in the bottom hal...
Damn this game went by fast as fuck.
It's not over yet
5 combined hits will do that.
Cause Dodgers' Baez was nowhere to be found this game.
I'll bet on that defense in a 7 game series.
As a woman, I just want to say that the Cubs in general are FAR more attracti...
Fuck, marry, kill: KB, Rizzo and BAEz
As a man, can confirm.
I mean any team with Justin Turner is gonna struggle in the attractiveness de...
But what about Justin Turner???
Lol 
Nah
Please have sex with my girlfriend Baez 
Hey it's me baez
pink hat guy is getting pissed at this ump 
so am i
He may actually stand up tonight 
It's ok Fox I didn't want to watch the stretch or anything. I'd much rather h...
I haven't looked at it, but I bet the Dodgers sub is bitching about Buck suck...
Oh that's because Joe Buck is the Anti-Christ 
I really could care less about what those guys have to say right now.
Buck is biased against everybody, he's that much of a dick
Hell ya man everyone hates Joe Buck.
I've looked. They are.
wtf kind of laugh was that from the dodgers manager?
Considering he'd gone out to take Kershaw out of the game and he let him talk...
"AHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHHAHAHAHAHHAAAAAHAAAAAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASOMEBODYHELPMEICAN'...
nervousness
Joker 
origin story time. cubs beat him and he finally loses it and starts putting o...
Miggy could drop his pants and watch 3 fastballs and I wouldn't be mad at him...
The top of our line up better get it going. Quit trying to hit home runs. Pla...
AT THE PARK AND READY TO SCREAM. LET'S GO CUBBIES TIME TO BEAT KERSHAW
Typical professor - make them feel confident at the beginning of the semester...
You know, every time I say someone looks good they do bad. Let's see what thi...
What about Kershaw?
he's the king? have you *not* heard what these announcers say about him??

/s
#KYLE WENT TO DARTMOUTH

#HE IS SMART
Got to mention it every time he pitches. 
Otherwise they'll have to talk about Kershaw. Idk what kinda of kink Joe buck...
It's like when NBCSN talks about Alex Killorn.
Had no problem ringing up Bryant on that tho.....
I understand that umps have different zones. They need to keep it consistent ...
Corners have been fucking atrocious for Kyle.
he hasnt been getting calls since the 1st
#Bosio: "BELIEVE IN YO'SELF"
I'll take 1 run on 3 hits any day from Hendricks
I'm ok with Baez being the MVP for NLDS and NLCS but not for the World Series...
I hear the helicopter. We're going to be fine. 
Kershaw starting to show some cracks. He may not go CG after all.
I feel a home run coming from Rizzo
Man that one that went foul would have been crucial for so many reasons if it...
If kershaw hits an rbi joe buck is gonna jizz his pants
Umpire: "You aren't Kershaw. No strike for you."

Automated strike zone please.
Would have been strikes if his name were Kershaw
Haven't seen Bill Murray tonight...is that why we aren't doing too great?
Joe Buck murdered him
I dont understand how that was a "great job" for Kershaw when Baez got really...
They also thought ball 1 to Javy should have been a strike when their pitch t...
I'm listening to the radio for audio. Did Joe Buck say that? Because Joe Buck...
Yep, thats exactly what he said after the ball was caught 
"great babip"
Turn that around "OOOOOOH AND HENDRICKS GOT LUCKY THAT ONE WASNT OVER THE FEN...
Joe Buck: "I'm Joe Buck"

My 84 year old grandfather: "We know!"
#LETS GET SOME FUCKING RUNS BOYS
Shit I'll be happy to start with hits 
Christ on a bike, it's the 4th inning and you bawbags are already steering th...
Kershaw.
> shitebags.   

Oooh... he's busting out the Scottish swear words guys. 
It's necessary to baffle the naysayers sometimes
It's been pretty bad this postseason. If we don't have a lead of at least 5 n...
It's such an absurd attitude to have, I think it irks me so much because I si...
Would love to go West up 2-0. Go get em boys
this. guy. fucks. probably missionary, but fucks nonetheless
Still a lot of hardball left to play folks! BELIEVE OR LEAVE!
Kyle with the his trademark, epic big inning-ending strikeout reaction. 

Hea...
Taunting. 15 yards added to the end of the play. 
Would you prefer Derek Law?
His "I'm not mad, I'm disappointed" face according to Joe Buck
Which doesn't make any sense because he walked off the field with his head do...
Shut the fuck up Smoltz. I cannot stand that dude.
He's not wrong there
But he could take less overt joy in bashing the Cubs.
Sure. And he made sure to repeat himself 8 times.
Make no mistake; Karl has pitched a gem so far.
Agreed. Pitch count is high for 5 innings but he's done a good job of confusi...
That was a bs ball call. Especially given the zone he's giving kershaw 
Completely. 
Yup ump has been terrible all night.  Not fair at all.  And when Kershaw is u...
Baez you suave motherfucker
So he lets it bounce realizes that guy going to third is caught up and tells ...
Baez is seeing the Matrix right now. 
#OMG WE NEED THAT AS A GIF ASAP.
Baez winked at me ðŸ˜
Kershaw is losing his edge. I feel like we can score in the next few innings.
It does happen. Matt Adams can confirm. ;)
He's seen an elevated workload the past week. Probably getting tired. 
Ditto. 
we better. There's only 3 left.
Feels like we're close to breaking through on Kershaw.
Holy crap, the Dodgers fan behind me is one of the most obnoxious I've encoun...
Gross
"Strike him out, Montgomery!"

Just lol.
"K guy I appreciate your coaching"
Even though it's a 1-0 game, it feels like we're down 10-0. Just one run!
That's because you are facing Kershaw with a pitcher friendly strike zone. It...
LET'S GET SOME RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNS
This game is too close bros
Hey, cheers to you guys not being like some of the other fans around here, lol
I'm sorry to hear that. It's going to be an emotional series but I will root ...
Kershaw is making it feel like a gaping canyon :P
Kershaw could shit in Bucks mouth and he would still be thrilled
i wonder if anyone on planet earth likes joe buck
Cubs haven't really hit for the first seven innings in the playoffs. Here's h...
Heyward has as many hits as Russell and Rizzo combined this postseason

:( 
Does everyone else's tv get this flashing light effect when they show the slo...
I thought that was some dumb cinematic effect they did on purpose
It's not your tv it's the lights. 
Yup
Yeah. It's just their shitty tech. Fox sucks.
What are you talking about? When you intensely slow the frames down like that...
Yes, I hate it!
It's just because of the framerate of the camera and the flicker rate of the ...
"Yes, pitchers are allowed to catch pop ups." - Actual quote from this terrib...
#My stream is slightly behind so I keep peeking at the gdt  to see if terribl...
Don't ruin it for yourself. Enjoy the ride.
I'm more looking for the "fuck" or "yes" and then immediately stop reading.
This sub makes me wish i could mute individual people.
You can block people. Then you just won't see their comments
How?
Should be a setting somewhere called block user
Does blocking people do that?
How do you block?
You have to go to their profile to do it.
I wish i could mute any comment about Joe Buck.
That's all I want
I'm sure you can do it with res..
I'm on mobile 
I suppose people could make a bot to delete those comments lol.
It's not gameday talk. Should be shadow banded for the rest of the game. 
Toews, Seabrook and Keith handling the 7th inning stretch!!!! Damn if only Fo...
Captain serious singing? Oh boy...
I'm convinced that Pete Rose wears that bow tie because someone told him it'd...
So last night was unreal. We put the tv in the window and had a bunch of peop...
So...are you?
Not tonight. I invited the news dude to come hang out and have a drink if he ...
I had a late lunch at Casey Morans was pretty good.  Was a great game to go t...
Well fuck, here I am watching at home like a loser and you're throwing a part...
This dude fucks. 
[deleted]
HAHAHAHHAHAAH
Say "firm" one more time.
That was the most uninspiring half inning I've ever seen. 
Sigh... fuck the dh
People are only thinking this is rough for Kyle because of what Kershaw is do...
The pitch count is what worries me 
Yeah, Kyle has been great tonight. Could be more economical, but he's got a r...
barehanded? Surely he is a god.
Our pitchers aren't getting anywhere near the calls that Kershaw is. Yes, he'...
Kershaw throws into the Cubs dugout, ump calls a strike.
> Yes, he's Kershaw, but Jesus Christ.

"Why did you repeat yourself?"  -- Jo...
What the...I would never have guessed this guy was Dutch.
Jansen is a Dutch name
He's from CuraÃ§ao  
Ahhhhh ok, that makes much more sense.
He's from a South American state under Dutch rule. 
This makes much more sense, I always forget they still have that little colon...
No no no. The guy Jansen ATE was Dutch. That was a memorial clip.
Lets prevent them from scoring in this part of the inning then score one or m...
This man right here may be on to something. 
Good call off, Dex.  100% your play there.
RALLY BUCKET TIME, BOYS! LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Cameramen running is the best
Guarantee you, no one on the Dodgers is thinking about the Cardinals.
[Joe Blanton](http://imgur.com/14E7mYA) calling for his slider last night
"You loyal"
Have you seen his motivational speech? Hilarious
I love it, it's so ridiculous that it's awesome.
Bless Up
[You are but the buzzing of flies to him!](http://i.imgur.com/3TVoxRW.jpg)

H...
I predict Baez steals first today.
First our hearts, then home. What else can Javy steal? 
With or without a sign from Maddon?
[deleted]
Along side Ron Coomer, I'm Pat Hughes, reporting *live* from Wrigley Field! 
The best thing about watching baseball with my daughters is hearing about fou...
Your daughters seem to talk a lot about erections...
Lol
Wrigley is loud. The Dodgers Quarterback is definitely going to have a tough ...
I predict we score a lot more points tonight. 
Gonna be tough to get goals tonight. Might have to settle for the slam dunks.
Yes I agree the goalie should be able to block the wick well tonight 
As long as the sweeper can keep the puck on the fairway, we have a good chance.
This is a bad day to be a hitter 
I would like it if Rizzo woke up this game.
Is there anyone that actually enjoys these dugout interviews?
Sometimes
Adam Wainwright seems to always enjoy doing them, but I don't think he counts...
Lol Joe Buck. So Literally Hitler l.
Too anxiety inducing. 
I liked the Jake one 
I have yet to see anyone who does.
The dodgers only have one hit. Very even game so far. 
I wonder if Joe Buck will have a sore throat after having Kershaw's dick down...
You guys know this team. We need one guy to break it open and then we go. 

L...
I learned my lesson after Game 4. Pitch count doesn't dictate a win or loss. ...
Key point: We only need one guy to do it, and *any* one guy could do it on th...
Karl is looking good all things considered. I'll take a 1-0 deficit in the 5t...
He's really settled in.
On the bright side we're starting to put good swing on Kershaw. The two early...
If KB can grab a hold on one of those pitches...
Joe Buck ejaculating furiously because Hendricks is coming out. 
BAE CAUGHT YOU SLEEPIN
if baez ran for mayor right now he would win
His signature policy: Dingers and webgems for every citizen. 
and make st louis pay for it
Kershaw getting flustered, please keep it up
That's it I'm putting my hat on
same
So you're the reason we're losing!
What a real motherfucker
I nominate Joe Buck for most punchable face in sports
Randal Grichuk 
grichuk's pretty bad but we don't have to deal with him as much.
Kolten Wong
I'm strangely excited that this is someone other than Yadi, lol
Yadi is good at his job. often to our detriment, but still. 
Luis Suarez, debate over.
Those teeth, man 
I fucking hate his guts, and Germany never even plays Uruguay.
He's my friend's favorite player and it blows my mind 
He's just a massive douche, biting people, the racist shit, ugh.
Jay Cutler?
You leave smokin Jay alone... 
Mario Chalmers?
Finally making Kershaw pitch. 
[deleted]
nighty night
positive: the strategy here is to hold off the Dodgers offense while Kershaw ...
Won't get to the bullpen at all like this. Even if we do it'll just be Jansen...
nah; we will. it'll be good.
The way Kershaw is pitching, the bullpen might not even get in the game tonig...
We need to get deeper counts. Kershaw is looking like he'll go the distance
The only problem is *if* we get to the bullpen
Only thing that's giving me life right now is seeing big cat behind the plate...
This ump been on bullshit all night.
That laugh is what nightmares are made of. 
that's a playoff relief laugh if I've ever heard one
You said it
Those people in the seats need to stop raising their hands every time there's...
CHAPMAN IN, LETS SMOKE EM
Zobrist will hit a 2 run walk off home run in the bottom of this inning 
This umpire is a fucking joke 
This half inning is what playoff baseball is about. Our best vs theirs. 
Hi welcome back i just blew kershaw during the commercial break 

- Joe Buck 
Thought he would be mumbling because he likes to gargle the cum. 
I don't think I've ever seen a team hit so well in the regular season and for...
The Cubs have been abysmal against aces and closers, and that's the majority ...
Because Rizzo and Russell have been awful so far. Hard to get anything going ...
They scored 8 fucking runs less than 24 hours ago 
Very strange. Good pitching locks us up bad.
Apparently their BABIP is also nearing .100 too. That doesn't help.
Locks up most teams pretty bad. That's why its good pitching.
I guess I'm saying even worse than one would think.
yeah its not like we werent facing kershaw for 162 games or anything...
We've average 5 runs per game
Not sure if you've ever looked this guy up, but apparently this Clay Kershaw ...
I dunno, that 4+ ERA isn't too impressive /s
Going into this game the same way i did against MadBum, cautiously optimistic.
"Kyle Hendricks with a 3-run BOMB off Kershaw!!! Cubs up 9-0 after 2 innings!...
I like our chances tonight. Kershaw has not looked very good this postseason....
Anyone still wearing the same shirt every game this postseason? Mines startin...
Same hat 
Same shirt hell same underwear 
Got my "The North Side" shirt. It's been washed already this postseason, but ...
yes and my jersey could use a wash after that grand slam last night, but I'm ...
I'm wearing the same hat. Much more hygenic
Yep, wearing my try not to suck shirt every game. GF thinks she's washed it t...
The fact that Wayne can still sing after taking a bullet to the neck is prett...
So in my first job, the head of my department apparently, back in the early 8...
He what now???
Yeah, years ago ... got shot in the throat.
Woof, dude's a boss to come back from that.
Chicago. 
I hope Kyle goes Cyle today because the pregame was 100% Kershaw
Bryant and Baez could double team me and I would be happy to lick their butth...
Can Grandpa get a turn in there?
I have two hands for him and Rizzo 
Now this is a real band wagoner!
I'm a royals fan, we bandwagon well if you haven't heard 
Â¯\\\_à² _à² _/Â¯ 
as if you would be so lucky to be allowed to do so
I miss Len and JD :(
Generous calls for both pitchers so far, I think.
agreed 
Yup, definitely. Should lead to a quick game. 
And I think Pedro Baez probably won't pitch today. That'll help immensely.
Until Baez get put in...
Plenty of baseball left. Need to work the count and get into some deep counts...
That slow motion shit needs to stop. Although, I do kind of want to see David...
Touch dicks with who??
Pretty much anyone he finds
Zobs, Addi and Baez all made good contact in thier ar bats. Unless Kershaw pi...
Don't bring that evil on us plz.
I didn't really mean it like that. I don't believe for a second that Kershaw ...
We hope so.
"Kershaw is a student"

Well, this is Cyle's classroom
This ump doesn't seem prepared for Hendricks' movement
Marlins Man directly behind Pink Hat Guy. 
sitting with Big Cat and PFT
Not that it's a big deal, but I watched the Miggy home run like 400 times and...
But...why?
who sells him those seats at every park..... 
Rickets is walking around the stadium shaking hands and giving baseballs to k...
OH MY GOD FS1 SHUT UP
If our last win against Giants didn't teach you already, with this team, it a...
and even if we don't get this one, it's game two. of seven. 
yeah nobody should be panicking or calling this over obviously but there's no...
He's on point for the moment, doesn't mean he will never make a mistake.
so was cueto
I appreciate the two hand catch zobrist
seriously. I love fowler, but how often does he do that?
Not often enough. I get a lil nervous each time he makes a catch.
Fundamentals ftw!!
come on blue kershaw gets that strike all day
Did you guys just hear that Kershaw is throwing a perfect game right now?
#i ain't afraid of no goats

Kershaw,  has shut down the Dodgers. - Joe Buck
kyle is kershaw confirmed
#FUCK THE DH? 
#yeah okay I guess 
#always
We can get a hit off Kershaw! I know we can do that!
Does he have a perfect game in his career? I kinda expect him to but I actual...
Yeah, I'm pretty sure.
We just proved we can hit him. Now we have the top of the order coming up to ...
I think this entire sub would rejoice if the entire press room where they are...
Does unplugging the center speaker work here like it does for football? Assum...
That was a remarkably heads up play by Baez
Baez is a motherfucking genius.

Sick to see Stringbean look so pumped afterw...
That slomo javy wink and kiss thing just got me pregnant and I'm a dude.
He's missing a few spots now...
The only way I could hate this ump crew more would be if Joe West was out there 
What if Joe Buck was an ump and announcer at the same time?
I'd fly to Chicago, steal a helicopter and shoot a tranquilizer dart from 500...
One more inning until our best 2 innings!
But our worst defensive and pitching innings :(
[deleted]
My plan would be make Kershaw tire out of the game and get to the bullpen.
Man Kershaw was really jerkin' that bat....
Extra pine tar 
Looked painful. 
No joke, I feel sorry for his boyfriend, Utley.
I fucking hate this umpire
All of our comebacks are in the 8th or 9th

Don't worry 
We are the best 8-9th inning team in the MLB.
Somebody start a gofund me so we can buy Baez the best dam lap dance
Everyone on the sub could just give him a lap dance. Quanity over Quality rig...
Buy him all the lap dances 
2 girls at the same time 
That Baez flyout to end the 7th was smoked 102.5 MPH at a 24 degree launch an...
Also home runs 67% of the time :(

Although it did barely get to the warning ...
GUYS, BRYANT IS DUE UP IN THE 9TH.

AND YOU KNOW WHAT HE DOES IN THE 9TH IN T...
Nah, he'll hit in the eighth. :-D
3 outs left, down 1, top of the order. Our chances are dwindling but we've st...
Sigh.... All we need is a fucking run.... Just one fucking run.
What makes this Cub team so good is the never give up.  We can still do this.  
I swear Chapman scares me as much or more than anyone else in our pen. I get ...
Same. Plus, because he throws so hard, any contact has a chance to go really ...
Translation: "after this break I will cup kershaw's balls more as I lick his ...
KC fan here, wanted to share something real quick. After the second Royals ga...
Right on man!
BenZo is GOAT.   But seriously, I personally believe Zobrist is underpaid.   ...
Yes! We called him General Zob. He is such a great baseball player, leader, a...
Kyle is gonna throw a few changeups tonight. Just a hunch
I bet he also looks real sad walking off the mound after a really good but no...
Hot take
undisputed one
I'm going to try and avoid all social media and alerts and watch the game aft...
Turn your phone off. 
Only weird if it doesn't work, but the Cubs are now 11-0 this year when I wea...
Kershaw is going to get shelled. The artillery kind, not the yummy velveta kind
[Hopefully by this bad boy](http://i56.tinypic.com/2j5cufa.jpg)
[Wrigley is beautiful tonight!](http://imgur.com/ZXa6opX)
I'm jealous.
:O YOU'RE THERE????
I was wondering why you were so quiet pregame
Wow, those are some seats
Oh we're not sitting here lolol. We were just stalking the grounds crew hahaha
And ken rosenthal!
No love for Todd Hollandsworth?
Ahh THAT'S who that was!!!
Are you there again???
ðŸ˜¬
No effing way 
I am very lucky 
Yay, the Packers lost!
I can't stand those ugly brown uniforms
They're godawful. My eyes were punished that entire game. 
Pete Rose almost looks like Paul Bearer from WWE
Then or now?
Hey fs1 I think you spent the whole pregame talking about the wrong pitcher!
Kyle "kershaw" Hendricks
Clayton "Hendricks" Kershaw
Alright no homo.... but Bryant is one good looking dude. 
It's the eyes.
Its everything. He's very... symmetrical. Reminds me of the actor Matt Bomer.
If I hear "The lights remind me of Audi lights" one more time I'm driving to ...
SHOW ME HOW YOU FEEL IN AN EMOJI 
ðŸ‘‰ðŸ‘Œ the Cardinals
Seriously? Do they think anyone is making a decision to look at a chevy from ...
Right? Chevy used to have some great commercials. Lately they blow ass.  
Some Chevy's are real nice but they're no Audi. 
As a BMW salesman I should be happy with the unflattering comparison but inst...
Yeah it's Like YooHoo chocolate drink bragging "it's almost like drinking the...
But Ashley is very convinced they are similar to them.
We have Angel Hernandez as an ump. Oh dear
Where's Mongo
I'm sure there won't be any controversy this game.
Having Angel Hernandez on the crew guarantees at least one umpshow moment thi...
That homer rattled him a bit. 
Okay, that HR was an anomaly. We got this. 
Yeah, he's the student cuz he's Kyles bitch. 
Ayyyyy
Bryant was in the middle of the order when he was called up
Fuck, you really can't walk two hitters with someone as hot as Adrian Gonzale...
Kershaw gets that call
Uhhh Willson?
What the fuck was that?
What was Willson doing...?
Does kershaw get that outside corner on every pitch? Ffs..
3 innings and like 32 pitches? This isn't gonna work 
At least Rizzo worked him for a few pitches. If everybody did that Kershaw wo...
My serious concern is that his count is so low that he pitches game 5. 
I mean he's probably pitching game 5 regardless.
Just win game 3 and 4 then
[deleted]
I don't think he or the team cares right now
Perfect Game perfect game perfect game perfect game. Jinx? 

Oh that's not a ...
Kershaw can hang out on the base paths for a bit. I'm okay with that 
All of you complaining about them talking about how good Kershaw is - what ar...
shhhh just let us have our hate 
Find literally anything else to talk about. 

Literally. Anything. Else. 

Th...
So they shouldn't talk about baseball? 
There's a lot more to baseball than one fucking player. 
People just like to bitch. What else are they gonna talk about right now?
One home run to Gonzalez was the biggest mistake. Other than the high pitch c...
This guy gets it
The homer wasn't a mistake, he just knew where the pitch would be. 
*Only blemish
The only person who puts javy in a pickle is javy
Kershaw is going to get shelled next inning. 
Thats a crazy bad matchup for Jhey. Chill out people. Be happy we finnaly sta...
Good job Kyle!! You kept us in this!! 
It's alright Kyle shit happens, and it wasn't a terrible outing. TIME FOR THE...
#JAVY ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜
#THE SLIM REAPER
Baez is the smartest man alive!!!!
Guys, I've had too many beers to understand what that was. 
You see, in baseball terms, Gonzalez got caught with his pants down and Javy ...
baez let that drop to keep the force plays on, and then turned 2
Sober me is confused 
Baez IQ = 1,000,000,000
Baez is such a g-damn stud.
That was straight up a genius move.
Javy has such presence of mind it's crazy. The game is just slowed down for h...
Javier Baez.
Yes. 
Kyle's reaction to that double play: 

:-|
All in on the Baez circle jerk!  This guy is amazin.
I love that I'm learning things about baseball from watching Baez. I'm old en...
Fucking Javy has a high ass baseball IQ. He knows what the fuck is what. He w...
That wink... He knows 
bi for baez 
Javy's charisma is like on the tier of The Rock.
At this point I am not certain what to expect from this strike zone, please a...
Early on I thought it was just big af and now it's getting wacky all around
Basically swing, just to be safe?
Only problem is it is never safe to swing at Kershaw pitches :(
Whelp, I'm gay now. 
Stupid sexy Baez 
Everyone saw Baez blow that kiss to the camera, right?
He loves the camera
Javy's left handed but wears his glove on his left hand and throws right hand...
Holy shit Kershaw can catch balls barehanded guys /s >_>
It must be hard for buck to talk with Kershaws cum in his mouth
Looking a little tired out there.
MUST. STAY. POSITIVE. 
I BELIEVE.
This is how you AB, KB. I like it
Those last two ABs were terrific. I wish we had done that sooner but still 3 ...
change your name to kershaw and get all the calls, monty
i hate this umpire
Like I said before 

#MONTY FOR PRESIDENT
That was the most un-Zobrist AB all season.
I want Len and JD so badly...
Syncing up the radio to the TV broadcast has been my only saving grace tonight. 
JUST ASK OUT KERSHAW ALREADY, BUCK.
I'm sorry, I know Kershaw is great, but he's just fucking lucky too. That cou...
Yea the Cubs put the ball in play tonight. Plenty of hard contact. Nothing fa...
He's by far the best pitcher in the game 
There's a reason his ERA isn't 0
And
He ain't perfect 
He's about as close as anyone has ever been
He was bad two starts ago 
One start isn't much to base anything on
You just said he's close to perfect 
I get it. You're just trying to argue.
Next inning - Heyward goes yard!
Hah 
His usual pop up to the infield carried by a majestic 200 mph wind. 
Man, Cubs have clobbered 4-5 shots that could have been HRs with a tiny gust.
Baez shooting for MVP if the Cubs pull off a WS win 
Let's win this game first. 
I said if. 
I know. Just not thinking that far down the road. 
Hate so much to say it, but you gotta bench Russell at this point. 1 for 22. ...
I mean at least Rizzo is drawing walks and has been making contact.  Has Addi...
Baez SS,  Zobrist 2, Wilson LF? 
Sure. I don't know. I just bet something happens after this game. 
Probably.
Agreed 
I'd love a Bryzzo walk-off...
Id love a Rizzo hit 
Just need Chapman to shut them down here... Then he's in line for his second ...
Newmacockal namonia
Normal cock ammonia?
You said cock lol
Top of the order coming up. We've come from behind- all. Year. Long. We can d...
FUCK THIS UMP
Dex: "Relax, J-Hey, I can do that shit too."
need this crowd to get loud. 
Walkoff time
There is a narrative that i like here, and it involves Rizzo
Sorry, but this postseason is all about Bryant and Baez. 
Christ this ump is bad 
He just seems to alternate having NO strikezone and then 2 batters later, the...
OH MY GOD GIVE ME THE ROBOTS 
I've been saying the same thing for over a year...too damn much riding on the...
"BUT MUH HUMAN ELEMENT" --idiots 
Still need the ump back there to call safe/out, foul balls, keep the peace, e...
Even with video evidence these fuckers can't admit that was a ball?
They sound so fucking relieved whenever Kershaw gets an out.
Dodgers -123? Lol
I've been napping still exhausted from going to the game last night but I've ...
I liked it better when Samardzija started game 2.
I'm cool with Rich Hill starting game 3 though
Wooo managed to find old style up here in Escanaba michigan. Turns out it's a...
In the postseason so far, Kershaw has almost perfectly matched Bumgarner's nu...
I'm surprised they pushed Kershaw to game 2 as well.  He has to have some fat...
It's his reputation, it almost cost the Dodgers game 4.   He was clearly stru...
I'm ordering my papaslam pizza

Thanks again Montero
Out in the bleachers,  gonna catch a Baez homer tonight! 
just one?
Just one from Javi,  he's going oppo for his other three. 
If baseball is as weird as I think it is, Hendricks is gonna hit a home run t...
Not sure it's set in that I'm actually at Wrigley for a damn playoff game...
Be loudy, be rowdy, be happy, and be drunk for me
Announcers just said we lost to swing and miss pitchers last year. No we lost...
Can confirm, watched it in agony :(
ðŸŽ¶You got the Cubs game on The ScoreðŸŽ¶

Hearing this so late into the season is...
#JESUS CHRIST JUST SUCK KERSHAW'S DICK ALREADY JOE BUCK
Sweet first penis pill commercial of the night. 
[deleted]
Oh the Viagra travel pack. I guess you can say the marketing working cause I ...
Yea
4 out of 5 of the FS1 crew picked the Dodgers. Let's make them eat crow. Fans...
Yes plz.
Didn't strike out Turner. I'm worried about Karl
What's everyone drinking tonight? 
21st Amendment - Down to Earth IPA. 
Gatorade - Fruit punch


312
Sam Adams Octoberfest.
Miller Lite 
Maybe a Sam Adams if I feel the need.
Bulleit Rye on rocks.
A protein shake. I have some chilled wine ready to go but not sure if I want ...
I'm a terrific enabler, so yes.
Why not, this is looking like a battle of pitchers tonight.
Do it
Ok
Baileys and Coffee with a side of sliced taffy apples.

I'll probably just st...
I'm at work, so water ðŸ˜©
God his curveball is so beautiful. 
i hate his delivery.. it just looks so weird 
It's absolutely silly how good Kershaw is.
And he makes it look so easy. 
Maybe one day people will be able to understand how he does it.
this is going to be the pitchers duel we all thought it was going to be
We're making contact, that's good. Just have to dial it in a bit.
Strikeout, baby groundout, and pop up. I wouldn't call that good contact haha...
He needs to get his pitches down in the zone man. Thesee high strikes are rea...
Pretty dumb that they use english for the graphic advertising Spanish coverage
Better than hearing Joe Buck speak Spanish.
Can of corn form the grocery boy
I repeated this to my friends in the room here. They think you're funny 
Why is can of corn a phrase?

Like I know it is, I'm not questioning you. But...
Joe Buck seems to be very excited about Kershaw's holdy stick.
It's a phrase that comes from when you're at a grocery store and you reach up...
Blame Hawk Harrelson. 
We're going to get at Kershaw at some point. He's great, but he's not an alie...
We got Cueto, we got shark, we got bum. We can get kershaw too
Lol shark 
It's just one run. Plenty of time to get that back, plus some insurance.
That was a great swing by AGon
Yeah it was just a combination of everything literally going right for him. H...
It wasn't a bad pitch at all, it happens.
Ok checking in the for the first time. Has half the game day thread decided w...
Not yet at least
We're ok so far...
Give it another inning.
Surprisingly, no. 
Joc Strap Pederson has such a hittable face
He reminds me of a toady that follows around a bully and laughs obnoxiously a...
I'd hate to see a Pedro Baez prep+pitch in Fox's slo-mo. 
It would create a rip in the space-time continuum
You'd still be watching it.
AFIB. THATS ON MY EXAM TOMORROW. 

SO IS ELIQUIS. ITS ALSO WAY FUCKING MORE E...
Warfarin so dirty, though. The Xa blockers neex a good reversal agent, though 
Word
Pharmacist here, not everyone wants to do regular INR testing and dose adjust...
Yeah, but they don't test real world useful stuff on exams.... We assume all ...
That's cause us pharmacist are too busy drinking and watching the Cubs.  And ...
ELIQUIS AND VIAGRA A FUCKING DEADLY COCKTAIL. 
[deleted]
You can have a fucking stroke or you can stroke fucking...both drugs have you...
Stay positive! We've shown what a comeback we can make. 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I thought that the Cubs had the lowest ERA in th...
That is confirmed, LA was 5th.
Not if you count Kershaw as starting every Dodgers game this year.
Can't tell if serious or not.. but Kershaw didn't reach qualified innings bec...
That was since 2006.
Well then I'll be scared when Eric Gagne comes out of the pen. 
Oh boy him....
Man nearly 50 pitches already. Not liking it. 
Doesn't feel like it at all
He's been getting behind a lot of hitters
Pat & Ron got a letter today from a 110 year old Cubs fan. Wow.
Heard that. Nuts
Dat pitch count tho
Yeah, a couple quick innings would be alright in my book.
#K count: 4
I think the generous early zone got Kyle nibbling a little more than he should. 
Cyle just walked those guys so he could make Gonzalez get up, and then sit ba...
Pitch count isn't a problem. 3 3-pitch innings and we're all good. He's recal...
Still plenty of baseball left guys. Keep the faith, work the count and lets g...
Amen brother!
21 pitches compared to like 60 :/
We've got a better bullpen.  Gotta believe.
1 30 pitch inning can change that
I could have done that. I'll take one day's pay please. 
Eh. But would you piss yourself seeing a Kershaw fastball come near you? Cuz ...
I mean he didn't hit him. I could stand there and not swing for a few thousan...
Heyward stands so far away from the plate
Operation take pitches needs to be abandoned immediately 
Kershaw's double leg kick thing totally throws me off.
I agree.
Well that was an embarassing inning.

They couldn't give a Maddux highlight from when he was a Cub? 
Right? 
Exactly what I was thinking haha
I mean, at least they showed his flag.
Guys we don't have 100 runs in the third inning we're so fucked 

I'm going t...
F
Plz define - much confused
link pls
I hate when I'm being advertised to as though I was a 55 year old conservativ...
Make Cialis Great Again!
What? You don't enjoy Trump hate ads and boner pills?
conservatives like trump
"hate ads by Trump" is better wording I suppose.
You don't want separate bathtubs?
I hate when they correctly assume I'm worried about my masculinity >:|
I hate when I'm being advertised to 
I hate
HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE
I gotta go put some water in Buck Nasty's momma's dish
buck nasty, what can I say about that coat that hasn't already been said abou...
where's Christopher Lloyd tugging on the foul pole when ya need him?
[deleted]
championships. regardless of the name it's not the championship til the WS. 
Kyles been on, please leave him in Joe. 
If he can get outta here I say one more inning.
Clayton Kershaw is too op. Pls nerf.
This kershaw guy looks pretty good. He might have a bright future in baseball
Spicy take 
Big if true.
Holy shit. Kershaw is pitching a perfect game. Will he pitch a perfect game a...
Did you say something about a perfect game or a game that is perfect?
I HEAR YELLING WHILE IM TAKING A SHIT WHAT DID I MISS
Base hit. 
Two two-out singles.
HR...just kidding. Another base hit.
Me too, I'm afraid we might be stuck to the throne this inning. 
"Audi lights"

Everyone drink.
Can we drink on "weekend warrior", too?
I would say on every time buck says Kershaw too but I don't want alcohol pois...
STOP TRUING TO PLAY THE PULL HENDRICKS STORY ASSHOLE
Good game Kyle. Kept us in this against a good team.
Credit where credit is due: I like the picture in picture to show the pitcher...
BAEZ IS BASEBALL SMART 
Anyone else think Carl Edwards Jr. looks like ToeJam from toejam and earl?
[Look at this shit](http://static.giantbomb.com/uploads/original/6/65300/1183...
um wow
Baez is becoming my favorite player
I'm in love with Javy. Not afraid to admit it. 
CARL IS FIRED UP!!!!!
I love Javy so much. His baseball IQ is off the charts.
Carl's gonna go get a 6$ burger after the game
He's Carls  Jr. He doesn't have to pay for a burger. He owns the place man.
Never seen Hardee's so jacked up
I'm lubing up right now for Javy to enter me
Baez with that wink. I'm feeling funny...
There goes that whole heterosexual thing
Fuck the ump calling a high ball a strike on Soler. should've been a 3-1 count.
This Fowler AB is the AB ive been waiting for all night. 
Hey! That means Baez is just like me!
I have a dominant left hand but have to...
There are dozens of us.
It always surprises me because it's a little unusual.
For me it's because I'v...
For me it's because my older brother is right handed so I played with his glo...
I know right! Except I was a soccer player lol.
same. :D
how are your slap tags?
Average. Nowhere close to Baez but I like to think I could play Advanced A an...
Drippy af.
HE's losing it. 
He did seem pretty emotional in the KB at-bat.
Now they look like the 2016 Cubs
He's weakening. We just need to stay focused and the bullpen has to be sharp....
We're gonna need to light Rich Hill the fuck up if Kershaw is gonna be like t...
We're hitting Kershaw harder than they hit Hendricks imo. We've just been unl...
And it was just barely enough to get out.
OFFTOPIC - does anyone know what kind of gum javy chews? the green kind he fu...
I'm not certain but it looked like a different flavor of double bubble gum
Asking the important questions right here 
7th inning and were still under the 2 hour mark
I know it's Kershaw but even the Nationals and Giants got 1 run off of him....
Nothing quite like some late inning magic
He was starting to look flustered. Zobrist and Rizzo both just missed hitting...
we're really good!
I'd bet 1 run doesn't win this game. Still plenty of baseball.
9 outs...
Okay.. I better start drinking and spill it somehow because we always win whe...
Boo! There I scared you. Did you spill?
This is it. This is the inning we take control. 
Dude Montgomery totally didn't know he was to strike that guy out. Thank god ...
Take my energy Rizzo
C'mon Javy. Make me question my sexuality again.
Damn it. 4 feet would have done it. 
That's what she said
Lol
Fuck this lucky sob. Now the wind doesn't blow out!??
FUCK.

So many balls hit so hard and it's all just that shit.
God so many deep flies 
Why can't any leave the field?
Well, there was that one earlier :/
because this can't be easy
Good god Joe Buck has done everything just short of straight up saying he jer...
No luck so far tonight.  Kershaw, bad ump, hits mere feet from the wall.   Ro...
8th inning...game's about to start
I mean on the one hand I'm bummed that we are down because of one dinky HR, b...
True but Kershaw was on beast mode and our bats weren't. 
Only 6K's tonight. He was very good no doubt. But he got away with mistakes h...
Wtf was that laugh
Sounded like a fuckin maniac..
Maniacal.
Please, can we just fuck this dude's shit all up?
FUCK THIS DUDE'S SHIT. 
That looked like a better hit than that. 
Yes that looked like full on angry dong
Stop trying to be a hero and get consecutive hits. Seriously...
Just get on base. Anyway you can.
or even one hit, actually
The pacing of this game is quick, let's not see Pedro Baez for the rest of th...
I still trust us to win at least 2 games in Dodger Stadium. However, I would ...
What are Arrieta's chances Tuesday?
Maybe its just because Joe is so humble.. but I really don't like how vocal R...
what an idiot lol LETS GO CUBS LETS GOOOOOOOO
Can we take Fowler's dinger from last night and apply it to tonight
Or half of miggy's
Dex: walk

KB: oom

Fuck: LA
Fbryzzobrist has this 
Rizzo 2 Run blast for the win, you heard it here folks. 
Horrible strike 1 calls to both [Fowler and Bryant](https://twitter.com/CubsUmp)
It's funny how many fans are in the stands today who never go to any other ML...
Also, I was expecting a massive ovation for Montero...did I miss it? Didn't s...
I didn't notice much watching on TV, but I hate Fox's coverage of the game. T...
That cheering for anything that is in the air and past the infield has been g...
From my ass at home I thought that ball was crushed....very weird
Yeah, I admit they Heyward swing had my attention. But they've been doing it ...
Balls are coming off the bat really hard but dieing with the high humidity. I...
i'll attempt to suck my own dick if we score here.
You've never tried?
like i'll ***seriously***  try
Has everyone forgotten that Heyward hit a monster triple last night and score...
Naw, Heyward is straight garbage at all times! /s
Problem is Kershaw destroys lefties. Even good hitting ones.
That's valid. 
He also destroys righties.
But there is a significant split there. And Heyward isn't anything close to g...
Well this sub is flooded with shitposting bandwagoners since the playoffs sta...
I think a lot of people have. Then again, I'm not opposed to pinch hitting fo...
Yes 
Yes, they have.
Guys, this is Clayton Kershaw, a.k.a. the best pitcher on the planet. Fucking...
Isn't that more of a reason to panic?
That has nothing to do with watching pitches go by for strikes
I thought that was Bumgarner?
I would just like them to swing the bat. 
It's not that it is kershaw but the approach we have right now.  They are exp...
Joe Buck sucks my balls
He's got Kershaw's in his mouth too. 
He's like a lotto machine!
Wasn't there a packers game he could have been doing tonight? 
packers don't have kershaw
Yeah but he traditionally switches over to baseball this time of year. 
You can say that again.
He's too busy with Kershaw's
The Saints won so now I can completely enjoy this game.
I feel comfortable heading into tonight's game. Feels weird. 

After kibitzin...
His postseason numbers just aren't all that impressive. Sure if Kershaw has h...
I'm cool with folks making assumptions, didn't make feel defensive. In fact, ...
I was once in a barber shop quartet in Skokie IL. 
^ ^ ^ This Person Also Spent College Years Smoking Weed and Watching Excellen...
We already knocked the 'best postseason pitcher' out early last series.
We lost that game.  But it wasn't because we failed to get to Bumgarner.  
My prediction:

Cubs 73, Dodgers 2
Dodgers ~~2~~

-2 

FTFY

Da.....Cubs.

Would your prediction change if they had Ditka catching in the ...
Are we talking mini-Ditkas,  or full size Ditkas? 
Full-size, but just 1 Ditka. 
Come on let's at least set realistic expectations.

Hendricks pitching? Dodge...
My brother and I just found our seats. Let's do this!
[Baez asking MLB how it feels about him](http://imgur.com/1RIR25v)
[Love isn't an option?](http://mlb.mlb.com/images/1/1/4/205813114/101116_chc_...
So when do the Cubs get a hype video narrated by Eddie Vedder?
WE DIDN'T COME HERE FOR FUCKING HAIRCUTS LETS GO MOTHERFUCKERS WHOOOOOO
NFL is so overhyped man. College football is so much more fun to watch
Because it's really win or go home. One loss can make or break a season where...
# Let's Go Cubbies!!! <CLAP!> <CLAP!> <CLAP!><CLAP!><CLAP!>
Are we watching Pete Rose slowly become a Cubs fan? The post game atmosphere ...
The cynic in me felt he was pandering to the home crowd as much, if not more,...
I bet we are.
Regardless of Kershaw's subpar playoff numbers, they act like he's Madbum here.
Biggest game for Kyle thus far. Oh I'm so fucking nervous.
**Class has started**
Right on time
3 up 3 down - nice start 
Class is in session.  
This KB commercial always gets me so hyped. He's a beautiful man. 
First time I've seen it - agreed. Love the Harry Caray call.
legit chills
Well we knew this wasn't going to be easy, but I feel great with Hendricks on...
and so it begins.
Lets hope Kyle gets the same zone
he was from what i could tell
Lol. GET A LEAD TO WIN! Yea thanks Madden 
Just fuck my shit up fam. 

I hope Kyle isn't shaken by that. It's only one r...
He's an Econ grad from Dartmouth. He's had finals tougher than this game. He ...
Gonzalez is just on fire against us. I don't like it.
My dad was saying we need to start walking Gonzalez.  I don't think that's a ...
He is a very smart hitter. Definitely has a good read on what is coming to him. 
I mean he kills us all the time I'd be ok with that. They have Joc hitting be...
Situational, but I certainly agree.
Is this fucker our new Murphy?
Lmao just noticed that Big Cat and PFT are sitting right behind Marlins man a...
https://twitter.com/barstoolchief/status/787809449058504704
[**@BarstoolChief**](https://twitter.com/BarstoolChief/)

> [2016-10-17 00:...
\#StayHumble
This is going to be a long game boys and girls. Let's go cubs!
What the fuck with the ultra, super duper slowly slow mo? 
They have a shitty refresh rate too. I'm not sure why the lights are phased t...
The lights don't constantly stay on, it actually flickers on and off but it's...
At least Russell connected. He's struggling a little lately. 
To put it mildly lol.
Trying to be nice lol  
Nah I understand, it's a bit frustrating but I don't think it's humanly possi...
*Must keep drinking wine heavily* 
That sounds like a really good idea. When I get home I think it's wine time.
It's always wine o'clock. Makes the games must less stressful too. 
Omg I hate these interviews
This ump can get fucked 
don't like these 3 ball counts grr
The Professor is doing well, despite one mistake.
The first inning was great... the rest... eh he's having some location issues.
Pitch count is way too high 
That dinger wasn't a mistake, Gonzalez was just magically anticipating where ...
Too many 3-1 counts. This needs to stop.
He's nibbling. 
Hendricks getting squeezed BAD by this ump 
He's gotten a couple gifts. 
To everyone complaining the tracker literally showed it as a ball. 
sure but kershaw gets that call
Bingo. I'm ok with the zone being wide as long as it's both ways. 
I will feel hella better once Karl gets out of this and we start making Kersh...
Is there an inconsistent strike zone or is it just me?
Yeah it's shit
It's a bit sloppy. 
Sloppy like a hooker on nickel night
That is sloppy. 
Great pitch there
Don't doubt the professor.
"Gonzalez is a studier"

Well then he's come to the right place.
Lmao nice!
He just made Contreras look like an ass
uh...Willson? What're you doin? 
WTF was that Wilson? 
Contreras ðŸ¤”ðŸ¤”ðŸ¤”ðŸ¤”
If we don't make Kershaw work the second time through the order this is going...
 At this pace the game will be wrapped up in about two hours and 30 minutes t...
Or a short one...
Gifted that inning to kershaw 
I was told there would be playoff Kershaw.
JOE Buck is looking like a fucking douche
Thought he already was since the day he was conceived? 
When isn't Joe buck a douche?
Buck and Smoltz are slurping the fuck out of Kershaw tonight.
Cubs look lost up there. SWING THE DAMN BATS 
Wow that was a wasted inning.
I mean is contreras trying to sabotage us seriously??? what was that??? most ...
Probably getting a look at the pitches to see how they move since he never fa...
I hate that some pitchers get a different treatment. Just play baseball! 
Can someone with more knowledge of the game explain to me what is it about Ke...
Apparently deception is part of it. But idk either.
They are trying to work a count. Probably the game plan is to make him throw ...
Pitch count today in The Show:

Hendricks: me
Kershaw: CPU
I just jumped up and spilled scalding hot tea on myself.  
I will take that f...
How ya doin my fellow Euro snob?
Tired. Tired. Saturday was a long day and then today was a long day of 3 trai...
Got a bit of a cold I think but I have a job interview this Thursday so that'...
Awesome! Good luck. You'll kill it
Bold fucking choice Kershaw.
If the Cubs were up 1-0 instead of being down 0-1 I would be much happier.
this is insane
Same
Big if true
hot take
Big if true.
I feel like this ump is giving Kershaw a slightly better zone
Zones big all around I thought
It just seems like when the ump does squeeze, it's Kyle getting boned 
Yeah I agree but I think that's mainly cuz of how much Kyle likes to hit the ...
Just setting up the DP...

please get a dp.
lol Utley's jump
One great piece of hitting from Agon, that's the only difference in this game...
Kyle Hendricks 2016 ERA

2.13 Regular season    
1.80 Postseason
lol i knew they'd cut out "and the colored girls sing" from that google comme...
Damn it. Zobrist is gonna get something soon. He's been making really good co...
Im honestly so sick of joe buck. 
He's not good at talking about football either. 
I think everyone is tired of hearing you talk bucky
Even a God King can bleed!
They called them 'Immortals'. We put their name to the test.
Gah. At least Kershaw's not invincible.
I would've hit Soler for Heyward and then put Almora in defensively. But I'm ...
I was thinking the same thing. I, also, am not Maddon however.
Meh if you start heyward but then are quick to ph for him why'd you start him? 
You start defensively and adjust to the game. Were not getting many, if any c...
That's why I think joe wants heyward in. Anticipating a low scoring game so h...
That's why you'd put Almora in after. It's very possible against this guy you...
I'm just saying if you're quick to do that in that situation almora should be...
You don't face Kershaw every day, and you don't know when those situations arise
So let's let them not hit lefties some more. We just found out Kershaw is hit...
That's progress though. Hopefully the top of the order can get going next inn...
I'm okay with how that went. We just needed to get to Kershaw. Plus this migh...
yeah, true, heyward gets a hit there and kyle's gone
How I wish Kyle Shcwarber were active. 
I do too, but he wouldn't be in this game.
I feel like you have to consider pinch hitting for Heyward in high leverage s...
I hear ya. He did have a triple yesterday though. Can always pinch hit later ...
They chose to go with the extended bullpen this series though, swapping LaSte...
When Kershaw only has 50 pitches through 5 you have to reevaluate though. Tha...
Is Joe Buck going to theorize every batter is Hendricks' last?  And then be l...
You haven't listened to Joe much have you
"See what happened was he bought himself another batter, so I was right the f...
Shut the fuck up Joe buck
Joe buck doesn't understand why you bring in a guy who gets k's against a guy...
And with the pitcher spot due up, save the lefty for the 7/8 if needed. 
Its what everyone always asks about. He let the ball drop!
Defense so good. 
He continues to impress everyone with new ridiculous or smart plays
Javy is insane. That's an awesome decision with like no time to think of that. 
AND he was the one yelling at Russell to throw to third. Javy was all over th...
#ALL HAIL THE ALMIGHTY BAEZ!
Heard it on the radio, didn't see it, did Javy purposely not catch it? I reca...
It wasn't a pop up, was a short bloop floating in front of him and he let it ...
Correct. But it was a bloop line not a fly so no fly rule called 
Yeah should've been a lineout, but he let it bounce last second
It looked like he let the ball bounce. 
It was a low line drive. He had to make a quick decision to either go aggress...
Yes, but it was a very low hit liner, not a pop fly
It's was a liner that bounced a foot in front of his glove so it would be imp...
It was to quick to think it through that far.
He let it hit the ground on purpose 
Just short enough that no ump will call an infield fly. Man, this Baez kid is...
Javy gives me boners. There, I'm the first to admit it. 
#BiForBaez
I think Posey lives in the locker room now their season is over RIGHT FAM
Carl Edwards Jr. Looks like a character from the Fresh Prince
he'd be Carlton's nerdy friend
like the anti dj jazzy jeff?
uncle phil would love him
Big time defensive plays like that bring momentum. Lets get some runs boys!
need that slow mo baez wink as a gif NOW
Could we get a Baez winking flair?
Stupid Cubs making straight men all around the world question their sexuality
Good at bat from Dex at least.
that was outside 
Kershaw can only start two games, right?
I mean he could pitch more but I assume they don't want to destroy his arm.
If he starts game 5 then he could come back for game 7 on three days rest.
Yeah he could probably close a 3rd tho
Bats are gonna get warm sooner or later. Let's go! 
I feel like we've got this
We are gonna jump on Kershaw next inning
Kershaw's short rest is starting to catch up to him now. Either he makes a mi...
I feel like the next inning we'll finally start doing some damage. But hey at...
MONTY FOR PRESIDENT
Skip and Shannon promo. Drink. 
[Utley](http://static.giantbomb.com/uploads/scale_small/1/13836/326156-caius_...
That's... Slightly accurate, yeah.
fucking ump
Ump not the problem here, Monty is missing low. 
The point is that Kershaw got those calls 
This fucking ump 
Mike, you cannot come into a middle relief situation in the playoffs, in the ...
castrowhew.gif
if there was ever a time for the heart of the lineup to wake up now would be it
our entire bullpen could be summarized with either god tier or casterophew.gif 
Not saying Rizzo needs to come up big but it'd be nice. 
Bottom of the 7th...time for the game to start.

BOLD PREDICTION: Zobrist HR
I like your style 
I'm saying Addi
I'm saying both
That is a fun stat.
Keep it up there!
FUCK! Kershaw shit his pants
God dammit. The deepest part of the field. 
Can we get a fucking breeze for fucks sake!
Man, my balls are a deep blue tonight.
little Cubs logos on them?
Shit, they might as well.
If I could upvote you 5 times for that I would.
We've missed like 3 home runs by a matter of feet tonight 
Our postseason BABIP is down to a ridiculous .114. We aren't striking out and...
Are you serious? That is our postseason BABIP... yikes. Maybe this curse thin...
Well we are 4-1 so maybe not so much? I look at it as a positive because we a...
Right they've hit at least one homer every game. Twice 2 of them. That's how ...
That's what happens when your elbow is in the strike zone, Turner
Same can be said for Rizzo tbh
DP /u/UnfortunatelyLawless
;)
http://i.imgur.com/xp9sE9Z.jpg
SUCK A DICK SO GOOD. 


FS1 is on the Javy hype train.
That evil laugh from dodgers coach was impressive. 
That's the laugh of a man who knows he avoided dozens of post game questions ...
How do you explain calling that a ball after Kershaws giant ass strike zone 
because kershaw gets what kershaw wants most of the time
dude that dave roberts laugh reminded me of the joker or some shit. crazy person
RALLY SMOKE HAS BEEN SMOKED TIME FOR THE MAGICAL 8th
SAME HERE 
This is where we get nasty!
Off the bat I thought that was going on the road
Holy fucking shit from his knees.  That was unbelievable
great tag too. baez-esque
Kenley put on a lot of weight 
Yeah wtf.
1-2-3 and a run in the bottom plz
Or 2
I'm not sure how to feel. The law of averages has me pessimistic, but this te...
You stay the fuck at third Mr. Pederson.
Huge throw from the outfield there. 
Good throw Folwler!

Next stop: Walk off city
BRYZZO SIGNAL PLZ
Phone autocorrects Puig to Luigi
That's my new favorite thing
Itsa me, Mario!
Puig is a human bicep who can't do anything right
Lets fucking go!!!
#we don't quit
This is it folks....

#BELIEVE OR LEAVE 
ANNNNDDD....that was a ball by three inches.
The Joe Buck Dodgers Dick Sucking is in session
I'm surprised that they even had a cubs interview in the pregame show. 
He sucks anyone that is playing Chicago. 
so the negativity comes early. oh boy
There's a different between negativity and making observations. I haven't see...
I've been seeing more people complaining about the negativity than I've seen ...
There definitely around here today. I've see quite a few but it's always this...
Close pitch for Kershaw called strike three on Bryant - Smoltz "what a great ...
"Let's play a drinking game! Every time Joe Buck mentions the Cubs only have ...
IF we lose this game can we please just not have the fucking meltdown we saw ...
For the first time in seven years, reporting from section 529.

Morale high. ...
babip is being a real asshole tonight.
That guy can be such a dick sometimes
how does beating us=avenging a defeat three years ago to a different team?
It doesn't. They just have nothing else to talk about. 
Cause fuck Buck. That's why 
Because we need to make up some BS narrative
\#justjoebuckthings
Because pointless narrative.
Go Cubs! 
Let's go win another one tonight!

#GO CUBS GO
I'm so ready! ! 
Still hungover from last night. Took a solid nap.  Grabbing some food.  Game ...
I saw Jack White heading into Wrigley a bit ago. He looked to be in much high...
I'm feeling good about today. I forget where I got all these stats but

-Dodg...
The Bears are so frustrating, glad we have October baseball :)
Baez would have helped them win that game.  
That loss today was fucking brutal 
It really was, seemed like they were actively trying not to give it away
17 points in the 4th?! Jeez.
You gotta cheer for them to lose man. We need good picks.
Kershaw is good but he hasn't been the same since his injury, not to mention ...
Kershaw does have a 0.80 FIP so far this postseason, which is not half bad.
[Hendricks vs. Dodgers](http://www.espn.com/mlb/player/batvspitch/_/id/33173/...
Hendricks - 8 hits, 3 of them homers. 

Kershaw - 133 AB's, 52 K's.

This sho...
Most against Miggy (not starting) and Fowler (who had a .458 OBP along with t...
Very true.
To be fair, those sample sizes are markedly different.

Edit:  Kershaw has a ...
FYI these are career stats.
You're right; sorry about that ... will edit.  Thanks.
No worries. Your point still stands.
No way fowler's faced kershaw 44 times this year, that's career vs kershaw
Found the marlins man walking through wrigley omw home! Nice guy. Energy is I...
Let's get weird.
already. 
I'll keep a slice of ham in my pocket.
[Ham?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-dmRJp0Ljs)
Thats EXACTLY how I say it too. Same amount of sass and everything. How'd you...
snoop dogg doing the promo, I guess you could say things are getting pretty s...
I feel like Snoop is the epitome of the typical frontrunning LA fan, not payi...
That said, this KB promo is pretty awesome. 
How dare Kershaw touch the Ivy!!
He's going to touch the balls that hit the ivy later, so why not get rid of t...
Yes. 
What happened with Snoop? This fucking bar still thinks Chicago football is r...
FS1 played a little segment narrated by Snoop where he was hyping up Kershaw....
What a dork 
He's rooting for the Dodgers and he called an l.a. win tonight
*The Incomparable Wayne Mesmer. 
Mesmer with the boss jacket
Fuck Joe Buck
"Go Dodgers." -John Smoltz
http://img.jdhancock.com/popfig/1200/2016-04-26-wolverine-vs-little-green-men...
Sweep the leg Professor, no mercy 
FS1 you will NOT break my love for this game no matter how hard you try
The Cubs hate is strong with all these announcers. We don't want you on our d...
Ive been sitting here watching depressing bears football and doing hw all day...
The packers lost, that was nice.
I respectfully disagree
The idea of Skip Bayless questioning the character of professional athletes m...
>The idea of Skip Bayless ~~questioning the character of professional athlete...
Temperature at Wrigley is currently 69 degrees
Nice.
Nice.
Nice
Nice.
*Nice*
#SWEEEEEEEEEET EEEEMOOOTIOOOOOOON 
I get the confidence, but Kershaw really is the best pitcher in the game righ...
Wow that movement 
#SEAGER GETS AN F
FULL MADDUX! 
Corey Seager was late to class!
Karl is so amped up right now. 
Soft contact makes me hard!
I see you Karl
Good morning...

Good afternoon...

Good night!
Goooood niiiight a ding ding ding ding
It appears class is indeed in session tonight.
Hot take: Hendricks is a good pitcher
True, if big. 
If he keeps that up 3 times through the lineup we're golden. 
I think you're right 
Big if true. 
GRAY SKIES ARE GONNA CLEAR UP
PUT ON A HAPPY FACE
Lets jump all over Kershaw early and often. I need some relentless offense to...
Holy shit fowler has a ton of at bats against him 
Probably from his time in Colorado
He probably faced him a lot during his time with the Rockies
Boys gotta make Kershaw work tonight - he's on short rest x2 starts and if we...
It's simple; we shell the Kershaw.
Javy would have bare handed that 
Big zone tonight. Inside and outside.
Tonight is the night Rizzo has got to come out of this funk...
Rizzo breaking out tonight I feel it in my loins 
got a beautiful, bluish hue to them
I'll think of your loins if he does.
Once we're to the relievers. 
:(
As good as Kershaw is, that windup pisses me off. Reminds me of Cueto's. 
Not quite as bad, but balk-ish
[The Bryant AB](http://imgur.com/a1mU9aM). 3 called strikes. None in the zone...
What website is that? 
MLB gameday
You just need a slight slicer on the black. So 2 of the three were strikes. 
Don't take the pitch trackers on there as gospel. The pitches were on the edg...
Let's hope Hendricks gets the same zone. He'll be extra deadly with another i...
That's gonna hurt us if he gets that zone all night. However the professor lo...
Borderline at least. And with two strikes? Gotta be swinging at those.
Where have you gone my Rizzle? 
He went to find TLS he'll be back soon
Adrian Gonzalez, I do not like you very much.
That's a particularly strong stance to take, but I think I would have to agree.
Idk what pisses me off more, the HR or that guy spilling that $12 beer 
Damn.

First deficit at Wrigley in the playoffs. Still though, just get out w...
Wow, I would not have anticipated that after that first inning.  
Pick yourse...
Luckily he is much better at shrugging that off than he was last year.
[deleted]
We had to score to win anyway. Now we just have to score 2 runs.
Right. The minimum required runs just doubled.
Eh.  Make kershaw throw a lot of pitches and get him out of the game.  He's o...
Its one run man.
Come on Karl. Use that big generous strike zone
Yikes, that was a little too close for comfort.
Was at a wedding last night, so there was no sound on the TV. What a blessing...
You can always mute the TV.. 
He actually called the grand slam pretty well
lol what was Addy swinging at 
Good changeups from the best pitcher in the game.
Seager is 22? And here I am...
I'm 22 and just got my college degree...I feel less accomplished than I think...
Congrats man :)
Haha thanks! I think my proudest moment was managing to get Magna cum laude!
lol no shit

28 going on 29 and i've done nothing with my life lol
Right there with ya buddy
What do you mean?  You've got 38k karma.
Kershaw dealing tonight. 
Kershaw is looking tough. 
Solid contact early guys, no need to worry. That inning wasn't representative...
BELIEVEN THE CUBS! 
dont start squeezing hendricks, blue
How was that NOT a strike?
The bat flip walk trot to slow shameful walk to the dugout is so satisfying. 
Come on Kyle. Believe in your stuff like you did in the first inning. Don't l...
Ice in his veins!
Never doubted.
Just keep trusting your stuff Kyle. 
Hendric**KKKK**S
We gotta find a way of doing the backwards K
I got you fam

https://imgur.com/n9VcVHL
\>| looks like shit so i agree
ê“˜

[from here, just copy and paste](http://stats.seandolinar.com/the-backward...
Sit down Billy Mays
WOOD DRIES OUTTTTTTTTTT
Contreras don't give a fuck. Come on, let's do something here.
Haha Willson gives zero fucks
Joe Reardon: He walked 18.
Larry: New league record!
Joe Reardon: Struck out ...
Wilson has got the right idea! !
yeah strike out looking is a great idea :/
Not even gonna swing Willson??
Swing the bat Wilson, what the fuck was that 
The hell was that?
I hope Maddon reams Willson for that
He probably told him to do it
You don't take an AB like that without getting an order to do so. That had to...
That is what I'm thinking as well 
We swung the bat once that inning. Come on boys 
What the fuck, where's the shitty postseason Kershaw I'm used to seeing 
 He had a 0.80 FIP coming into this game. 
Swing the bat though, guys!
10 pitch innings aren't gonna do it, guys. We need to eat some pitches up and...
So swinging the bat is an optional and effective  plan vs kershaw??
Everyone knows hitting before the 9th inning is overrated anyway.
Such a shitty inning by our batters. FUCK!
Player 2 went AFK you guys
Working counts is great and all but he's only averaging about 10 pitches per ...
>I'm not, by any stretch of the mind, trying to say that Hendricks is good.
We know you aren't, Buck.
Rizzo says no.
aNthOny
I see what you did there.
Much needed 123 for Karl
Rizzo's D is hot
Top o' the order. LETS GO.
Nice comeback inning for the professor. 

TIME FOR THE TOP OF THE ORDER TO DO...
#Bryzzo souvenir company needs more inventory!
[deleted]
Right?! I figured the strategy here would be to run up the pitch count and ge...
Yea although with as few balls as he is throwing tonight they might just have...
As we all know, if you make the last out defensively and you're up in the nex...
Seriously, Snow White is pretty hot. 
Except she's dumb as a brick.
You're dumb as a brick
I mean, if you want to spend time with a chick that obsesses over reality TV ...
You wouldn't be saying that if you could pull a girl like her. 
I need her name for science
I believe her name is Snow White
Also known as hot sleepy girl. 
fucking babip
Damn you pole move to the right a little!
close Rizz
I think I'm starting to see some life. 
Well Kershaw is pretty on tonight. All we need is two though. 
He's so good
Jeez, if they hadn't got that home run this would be a totally different game...
We'll get a run to even it up next inning!
Kershaw is a fucking beast. Now I know how other teams feel when they face Le...
Pls Cubs pitching just keep it 1 run, we will score soon, I know it. 
No matter what, a "Dive Bar" tour would not include national broadcast commer...
The term "Dive Bar" has completely lost its meaning. Kinda like the term "hip...
Hey, I thought Kershaw was supposed to suck in the playoffs
Not until the 6 inning and later
Thought he was supposed to be "tired."
Wow. One hit total in four innings. 
If we can get some base runners that would be great.
http://imgur.com/pBR3JV2

View from my seat. Go Cubs. Go Karl.
nsfw
I have a midterm tomorrow but this is too important.
Trying to do my online test but you k ow this game is top priority 
First day of another job, this is more important
Yeah, same. 8AM, and I'm on EST. and I'm probably not fully prepared. 
The game we lost last series, the one that went until 2 in the morning only s...
So... If you talk about the fact that Kershaw is pitching a perfect game,  it...
Keep him in Joe
I'll give Utley credit. Still a solid player for his age. 
Ain't no David Ross, though.
Can't not love grandpa Ross. 
All day talking about how early Lester got taken out and now they're seriousl...
Little different, Lester is a name value ace, and throws left against an LHH ...
How does kershaw pitching well affect it? You use the guy who's pitching bett...
Karl pitching great. Keeping us in this game.
On the bright side, Kershaw's running the bases. Hopefully it throws him off ...
Kyle only gave up that knock to make Clayton chill out on the bases for a bit 
Hendricks pitching a gem. TIME FOR SOME BATS! LET'S GO BOYS!!
Chase Utley, did you have a good relationship with your father? Me neither. 
oh shit there's stickers 
Our relationship would be a real home run 
Hendricks hasn't been that bad but he has gotten some lucky breaks on a coupl...
The dinger wasn't hanging, it was low and out of the zone, Gonzalez just knew...
The dinger didn't even really hang 
Yeah you're totally right I was thinking of one of the base hits for some rea...
The zobrist catch at the track definitely hung like a mofo 
Here comes that Zobrist spark to wake up the offense.
so close
Kershaw with the PERFECT GAME so far hopefully he can keep up his PERFECT GAME 
Clayton "Dan Haren" Kershaw
#STOP TEASING
There have been a few balls hit hard already and it only takes one to get som...
I'll try my luck again. 

2 run HR. Calling it.

Edit: will a base hit do? Le...
LET'S GO CONTRERAS. YOU WERE SETTING HIM UP THE FIRST AT BAT JUST FOR THIS.
My wife is making fun of me, saying it wasn't me who broke up the perfect gam...
I feel like a parent yelling at their child, "Get back there right now Javy!"
Heyward pls

EDIT: :(
This Chevy guy creeps me out.
Starting to make contact, boys. 
Also...Len has the nicest voice.........


....
Pink hat guy is pissed
Pink hat guy doesn't have emotions.
shut up buck
Shut the buck up sounds better...
Pitched a damn good game. 
solid performance Kyle.
Pitched well Kyle, shame he won't get a win should we come back.
Javy trolling the Dodgers now, haha
JAVY BAEZ YOU ARE A GODDAMN GENIUS

A

GODDAMNED

GENIUS
Javy is a sly motherfucker
WHAT A PLAY
Awesome play holy shit

edit: too low for an infield fly?
Yeah seems that way. Ump has to call that in the air, that was a little flare. 
Was a line drive not a fly
Wasn't even a fly
#LIT
Hardee's is fired up!
Javy being Javy
BAEZ WHAT ARE YOU??!!
This Javier fellow might be quite a talent.
CEJ is hyped baby lets go
Baez keeps finding new ways to impress
SMART play to let it drop. Great double play. Ride the good vibes folks, let'...
Dodgers whining that the play shoulda been infield fly. LOL...nope!

Baez is ...
Non radio watchers, Roberts is bitching about an infield fly rule.
Yeah, I'm listening, too. There's no way the infield fly rule should have bee...
Really wasn't a high fly though...
Yeah, as Pat said, no one was under the ball.
Ha!
DP. So hot. So smart. Javy may also be a professor.
Baez is on another fucking level right now... Holy fuck!!!
Javytober continues
Two tootblans from Gonzalez in this series so far.
He was off the bag when Russell got it so it doesnt' matter, right?
 â™ª WHEN BAEZ LETS THE BALL DROP â™«


Now let's fuck them up.
New submetrics unit for baseball IQ the WBB: wins below baez
Fuck this ump
I would like to subscribe to Javy Gifs
https://gfycat.com/GlumDigitalEgret
So how long before we get that wink and a kiss as a gif?
https://gfycat.com/GlumDigitalEgret
Javy is my current favorite person on earth
Javy loves that camera. Now I know why they hand out the W towels...it's for ...
I miss 2015 playoffs Soler 
Hope he gets more looks this series.
I don't think 2015 playoff Sloer had to face Kershaw :/
Yea that Cardinals staff was pretty barren by October.
They had what...Martinez?
Nope. Lackey, Garcia, Wacha, and Lackey.
Yeah, not exactly gods gift to rotations.
and the ump giving bullshit calls to kershaw
I much prefer this crowd over the giants
Bring the fucking noise Kris. Come on.
two inches off the plate and he gets that call
Well that was the best Cubs AB of the night.
I'll take that ab from Dex all day any day
EW MY MOM HAS FOOTBALL ON IN THE OTHER ROOM
The Texans/Colts game? Why would anyone want to watch a game between two team...
Been a very frustrating game... the blue balls are real.
Just waiting for the 8th. Then the bats come alive
My Cubs shirt may be jinxing us. I'll go change 
Alright were trying something. Everyone turn your jerseys inside out. 

I'm s...
Looks like it worked.
No, no, no...take everything off!
Too late bby
I don't like this ump
Whew
*breathing resumes*
Fundamental catching is sexy af
He just threw four straight ball, we haven't hit shit all night, why are we s...
"Two big arms on this dodgers staff."

Isn't that the only two big arms they ...
Damn off the bat I thought he belted it. 
I believe that we will win! I believe that we will win!
probs gonna have to win this one in the 9th
or the 8th
tough part of the order
Fuckkkkkkk, I thought that was the one...on the other hand, Javy is locked th...
Only problem is we have to get back around to him with only two more innings 
It's possible! And KB ain't been a slouch so far this post season.
We've done so much in the 8th I'm not giving up
BITE ME KERSHAW.

Wow.  The Dodgers coaching staff that that was gone by the ...
Why...he's past his 7th inning now, he'll finish it out and be under 100 pitc...
Hard to show sarcasm on here.  I'd love for Roberts to give us the gift of ta...
I think I missed it on first read, as I was still in that emotional reaction ...
Fuck! Man this is starting to piss me off. We been getting good hits all nigh...
Crowd got excited but that barely made it to the warning track. Bummed but it...
The bluest of balls 
Every game except one this entire postseason has been nerve-wracking for us. ...
yes! DP baby!!
...said Joe Buck when he met up with Kershaw and Madbum
Kershaw and Aaron Rodgers 
Rodgers already has a daddy in Collinsworth
KERSHAWS DONE. NOT SURE HOW TO FEEL.
It cant go much worse on offense.
FEEL GOOD.
OKAY, I DO. THANK YOU.
Walmart has a commercial about them investing in America? Bold move.
you don't get to the top without balls
I mean... There's balls, then there's straight up lying.
That commercial is a year old. Still waiting. 
Is it? Idk how I've missed it up until now 
LETS GET SOME RUNS
Just get consecutive hits instead of trying to be the hero.
JHey could earn a good chunk of his fat contract right here. Come on...
Heyward - here's your chance to earn 1/1,000,000 of your contract.
Lol people behind hone plate thought it was out
Yea who needs defense..
their excitement fucking got me 
Got me too, tbh
Please, Miggy.
Puig just arrived in Chicago. Overslept. 
haha i love booing opposing pitchers anytime they do something for themselves.
Heyward against Kenley Jansen might be the biggest mismatch in the history of...
You never saw Germany destroy Saudi Arabia in the 06' World Cup.
Or Germany v Brazil  
Wait a minute
That was the second happiest day of my football fandom career.
Is it me, or do these commercials make Verizon sound good?
Better than those snitch-ass Sprint commercials 
Yeah it's weird that they concede that Verizon is superior 
Exactly, and calling them a goliath. Odd.
This sub has a strong preference for "tieing" over "tying."
I've never seen a ty game.
I've noticed this as well
I like thaiing 
Come on Chapman... Just shut them down.
[NEVER FORGET WHAT THIS TEAM CAN DO](http://www.fangraphs.com/wins.aspx?date=...
Fuck off ump.
Addi thought he was Javy on that tag attempt
Crowd needs to get up and come alive..
Beautiful.
LOL Puig, don't look at me. 
Chappy making that catch scared me a little
Let's go! Comeback Cubs!
THE BIG BOYS ARE DUE
God damn this team is so good.

Kershaw is elite and pitched a gem. And we're...
Let's send two of these balls to dickslap city
"Is that you, AndrÃ©?"
If anybody can get this done for us it's Fowler, Bryant and Rizzo
What a perfect opportunity for Rizzo to come back to life
Getting real tired of hearing, "we have ourselves a game". Thanks for that Jo...
#9TH INNING BRYANT LETS GO
And here....we....go!
Fowler walk, Bryant blast
I like the way you think, kid.
COME ON KB.
God fucking damn it.
What a shit call!!
That was a very bad call
HOLY SHIT UMP...that wasn't even remotely defendable.
6 fucking inches inside

For the love of fuck, everyone stop bitching about the announcers. We know th...
Joe Buck loves the Cardinals and loves the Packers. He's the worst among the ...
Sooooooo were whining about the whining now? Hard to keep up on what I need t...
ðŸ™ŠðŸ™ŠðŸ™ŠðŸ™ŠðŸ™Š
Nah not Joe. He will always suck whoever is playing any Chicago team and shit...
Stop whining about people whining, ya whiners
Waddup friend!
What did you think he was some commoner like Bumgardner? This is the real dea...
Lol great commentary 

You have to get the guy at bat out. 
Muther fuckin shitballs cuntfucker
I concur.
I *love* how he won't stop mentioning the Cubs only have 2 hits.
Does he even...
And people want to say Buck isn't biased. Straight denial. Denying it only ma...
Ok guys.   The Cubs have had 8th and 9th inning magic every time I shut the g...
Try not to think about the game. Impossible, but try.
Chapman has to be completely ice cold clutch. 
So Clutchman....that's his new nickname 
I'm good with it. Clutchman and the Slim Reaper. 
Joe Buck fellating Kershaw 

THEN 

NOW

FOREVER
God you should have her him game 7 2014 World Series with MadBum. Fucking sho...
why is everyone in the crowd jumping like the ball has been smashed out of th...
the people are desperate for a hero
Can confirm, am desperate :P
So sick of skip bayless -_____-
Guys announcers are supposed to talk about the other team too. 
Yeah, not give them handies between innings.
it's unbearable.
What other team? I thought it was only Kershaw out there and occasionally Cor...
2015 postseason started 4-1    
2016 postseason started 4-1

Let's make sure ...
The sequencing isn't the same.   

2015: WLWWW  
2016: WWLWW
The next positive thing that Smoltz fuck say about the Cubs will be the first.
HEY EVERYONE CLAYTON KERSHAW IS THROWING A PERFECT GAME. Welp that should do it.
Did you say PERFECT GAME? No way he screws that up. 
What? I couldn't hear you. Could you please repeat that?
CLAYTON EDWARD KERSHAW BORN MARCH 19, 1988 IS CURRENTLY PITCHING A PERFECT GA...
#CLAYTON KERSHAW IS THROWING A PERFECT GAME
KYLE HENDRICKS IS SEXY
"Kershaw *slurp* base hit *slurp* he's so good *slurp*"

Why don't just marry...
I mean, he's been lights out.
He's fucking dominating us right now. They should be talking him up
Solid game from Carl.  Would be a shame for him to get a loss from that outing.
Skip Bayless is the absolute fucking worst
[deleted]
This is true
LETS GOOOOOO
Any hint of a lineup from Roberts? 
Dodgers NLCS Game 2 lineup:

Utley 2B

Seager SS

Turner 3B

GonzÃ¡lez 1B

Red...
God damn do they have a lot of lefties. That's 7 in the starting lineup!
Not surprising considering it's a righty starting.   Hendricks does concern b...
And the same can be said of the Cubs and our 7 starting righties. It's just r...
Go Cubs! 
Wind forecast tonight is light (<10 mph), blowing from right to left.   Witho...
Hell ya!
sup cubs bros I'm back to vicariously experience success with you all again, ...
I saw [this](http://i.imgur.com/OBVYhf8.jpg) sitting on my fireplace. I compl...
KLAYTON COLESLAW GOES ON LONG WALKS WITH DANIEL MURPHY.
THEY TALK ABOUT HOW TO BE BETTER HUSBANDS AND FATHERS



actually that would ...
Pete Rose is weird.  
Seriously. Stay off my TV, freak.
Pete is so jealous of arod it's hilarious 
Here come the helicopters to Wrigleyville, right on schedule.  
I predict Kershaw won't even make it through 4. Let's go Cubs! 
Well after watching my Packers just look like a Division 3 college team, I'm ...
FTP
The File Transfer Protocol (FTP) is a standard network protocol used to trans...
I'm going to try to stay calm tonight. 
Calling for a big game for â˜ðŸ»ï¸ Anthony Rizzo u/russellmania14 
Third games a charm u/CallMe_DeaconBlues
I'm pissed so let's go cubs! Make me feel good!

Damn....I wanna fuck Halle B...
This was an interesting comment.
Nice jacket Wayne.
been bumpin Chance and Sufjan Stevens all day, and apparently Billy Corgan fr...
No Pearl Jam? 
My go to music when riding the cubs high!
PEARL JAM TOO I PROMISE I KNEW THAT JUST REMEMBERED I LISTENED TO THEM TOO
ok full disclosure. didn't know that. I've found my pregame 3 soundtrack 
They played 2 nights at Wrigley this past August. It's was incredible. 
3 of the 4 panelists choosing the Dodgers with Pete being the lone guy pickin...
Pete loves to play the odds.
The hate us cause they anus
Airtight Pete, you're okay. 
Well we know who Pete's got money on
Eww Joe Buck
best in the game? fuck off joe
man if it wasnt for the cubs jeff garlin would be completely irrelevant
He plays the dad on the Goldbergs. Good show. 
Curb is coming back, though!
Ain't afraid of Kershaw either. 
I've got the TV on mute and the radio broadcast on.  
Garlin's spots were awful...
yeah what the hell is that all about
Anyone who doesn't value Heyward's glove needs to re-evaluate their opinion o...
Kershaw is pretty beatable in the postseason as soon as you get to him. It's ...
Utley totally looks like Draco Malfoy. 
Sit down, Mr. Utley, you have nothing to add to the class. This is a lecture,...
Jesus Christ I know it's early but Kyle looks fucking on omg. Even those ball...
>Skype


>Skype


Thats a new one.
I like this new nickname.

Edit: Why'd you change it? :(
KKarl
Pretty good beginning eh?
This dude taking them to school.
Karl "Greg Maddux" Hendricks
Call the fire department, because the Professor is HOT TONIGHT
Hendricks is like, "Kershaw who?"
#weak contact 
It was only the Cubs elite defense that allowed Kyle to get that third out ðŸ˜
Karl looks REAL sharp!
I'm hot for teacher!
If Kyle keeps that movement all game we'll be aight 
He looks deadly 
Weird thing is last year he was our no. 5. No idea if this will just be a flu...
Jake v Madison, media is all "omg Madison wow and he can hit too!" - Jake hit...
Where does the name Karl come from?
What do you mean? That's his name?
Kyle Hendricks?
Yeah Karl Hendricks that's what I said?
You're a troll.
You're being v weird
His names not Karl!!
The pitcher for the Cubs is Karl Hendricks I dunno what you're talking about tbh
I hope you spill your beer.
I think it started in the locker room, but I don't know how
what a fucking way to start. Kyle is so damn good
Ridiculous pitching. Damn.
You should be familiar with him. Tossed a no hitter into the 9th at Busch Sta...
Yes I'm aware of who he is. 
fuck yeah Kyle is going to have a great night
12 pitch inning and two strike outs. Guess they didn't get the memo that Hend...
Doesn't matter how good Kershaw is if the dodgers can't get a hit
It's crazy that Hendricks went from our worst pitcher to a future ace
Going into this season I said that Hendricks would be the best 5 starter in t...
Lest we forget, fuck the Cardinals. 
Never Forget!
After Cyle sprays his DNA all over his personal harem of bodacious eastern Eu...
I'm glad to see our strategy vs their ace isn't just showing bunt
[deleted]
They'll need him to pitch again in game 6, so I'd guess somewhere in the neig...
Joke's on them, there will be no game 6!
If it's close, they leave him in until his arm falls off.  
When does his arm literally fall off?
Hopefully around 17. 
ah shit
Gonna be an epic pitchers battle but I'm so confident the Cubs are gonna be t...
Maybe we should've started Travis "Hits .250 Against Kershaw" Wood in left today
BRING FORTH THE ROBOTS 
FUCK ADRIAN GONZALEZ
Fuck. Not a bad pitch either. Murphey'ed that shit.
Gotta score to win. No biggie. 
Thanks Zob
Yikes, that was hit pretty hard. 
Not liking these deep flies
Kyle is leaving some sinkers up in the zone, gotta get that under control
Hendricks :(
Only one run. We will get that back.
stay calm Karl, you're still in control of this game.
Ah damn, looked like Z had yard on that. 
Work the count or be aggressive?
I dunno it's tough cuz you want his pitch count up but he also doesnt walk pe...
Work the count. Make Kershaw throw a lot.
Work the count and get him out. I like our chances in a later game than early.
Work the count. Kershaw is on short rest. If we work the count, he'll make mi...
Let's go cubs!
Have some enthusiasm!  shout it out!
#Let's Go Cubbies!!! <CLAP!> <CLAP!> <CL...
ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘
Little early there Javy haha. Way to stay alive. 
fuck...
Javy going to Javy. Looks like he decided to swing before Kershaw even starte...
No one shit him or herself, please. We still got this. Enthusiasm and anxiety...
but what if i have ibs-d and can't make it to the bathroom in time
Not worried. We knew what Kershaw was like. We won the Lester game. 
Man I hate Chase Utley.

Also lol this strike zone 
Come on Kyle. You're better than this. 
Dodgers: "not swinging lol."
This is not looking good. Bullpen may have to put in some work tonight.
That's been a strike all night...
He's being too fine. He has the stuff to challenge these guys. 
Oh fuck. Gonzalez is hot right now.
Love you, Dr. Hendricks
KARL!
What a save. 
Alright. Get that confidence back Kyle. Still only down by one. Plenty of bas...
ok boys time to drive kershaw's pitch count up some
SIDDOWN BOY!
Whew. Pitch count is a problem but we can get 6 good innings from Kyle and th...
Way to make it out Karl! Now let's get some runs!
THERE WE GO KYLE. NOW IT'S TIME FOR THE BATS TO PICK HIM UP
Atta boy Hendricks 
55 pitches in 3.
If he can go 5 or 6 then put a lefty in ...
AGO MAY HAVE ACED THE MID TERM BUT HE FLUNKED THE FINAL
No, he aced the first quiz of the semester. He just failed the midterm.

I DIDNT NEED REMINDERS OF MY LIFE ON WHILE WATCHING CUBS BASEBALL
Too many pitches for my comfort, but still a 1 run game. They need to get to ...
bat girl almost died D:
Well, we got out of that inning with no damage done.

Hopefully Hendricks is ...
1 grand slam please
I think Wilson was taking all the way there
lol what just happened? nerves?
Um, what's going on with that AB
That was interesting.  
You had the right idea wilson. A little poorly executed though
What idea was that?
Working the count and try to make him throw a lot of pitches. Just looked at ...
Go back into Maddux's shadow, Smoltz
Henricks is batting .333 with 2 RBI. Watch out Kershaw.
They do know they need to swing right??
Good thing we're working the count. Oh wait...
At least fucking foul off some pitches guys!! Theres more to working the coun...
What are they doing?
Okay, second time through the lineup, let's hit him hard!
Never seen Karl in so many 3-2 counts
Glad Hendricks decided to throw better pitches
PFT and Marlins Man behind home plate is fun to watch 
Just imagine what Marlins Man would be like if the Marlins every actually mak...
Do you mean \#Marlinswoman?
TIME FOR SOME RUNE BEEEE-YAAAA-OTTCHH
Alright Sexy Dexy. You go, we go. Let's get something started.
Checking in from section 213. Couldn't ask for better weather. I'd add a phot...
Where's the wind blowing?
Coming in from right field, blowing toward left field.
Thanks!
TEST GUY TELL US ABOUT PREVNAR
Not test guy, but pharmacist that has given 7 Prevnars today.  My favorite mo...
Well done Doc. 
I was just thinking, why the fuck is angel hernandez umpiring in a playoff game 
One swing of the bat and we have a new game. 
Kershaw is killing my dreams.
this is how I felt when Finnegan was no hitting us opening night. Addy bomb o...
Okay Kershaw, let's not kill our guys here
That fucking pitch count
That Rizzo foul ball is hurting my heart.
Bats were aggressive, got some good contact that inning. Just gotta find the ...
Aka, stopping hit it right to the third baseman. 
Luck has not been on our side, but it's still early and a 1 run game.
Guys if we spam PERFECT GAME in this thread then we are bound to jinx it. 
Not here.  In their thread.
why would you want to jinx the PERFECT GAME that kershaw has going??
I was promised Kershaw chokes :/
the night is young
agreed, plenty of time to talk about this PERFECT GAME he has going
Do we trust the bullpen over Hendricks? I mean he's thrown a lot of pitches f...
If the pitcher spot comes up they wanna be able to get a quality hitter up th...
I'd say try and ride him to about 100 pitches or so unless things look dire.
We're are going to give up 1 more run. 2-0. Kershaw comes out after the 8th. ...
Did he just jump onto the plate?
Seriously what the fuck was that?
You trying to jump onto the ball Utley?
Could someone find Chase a bigger helmet?
That was a good play by prof there 
NO ITS NOT YOU FUCKING DUMBASS. WHEN PITCHING YOU DO WHAT WORKS BEST, THE OTH...
i have a feeling big things are coming out of the next inning. 
Okay, *this* will be the inning!

Eventually it has to be.
Alright, Kershaw, the man with a perfect game and no hitter so far, is about ...
Aw, too bad!
Call me crazy but I'd much rather have a high pitch count and have given up o...
Karl is still better than the relievers. I'd probably leave him in. 
Jon Hamm in a romantic comedy sounds okay
CLAYTON KERSHAW HAS A PERFECT GAME. A PERFECT GAME! NO BASERUNNERS ALLOWED BY...
You jinxed him sir. Good job!!!
Feeling a 50 pitch inning!
damnit. 
Dammit, Zobrist has been right on it twice now 
Damn so fuckin close. 
At least we're making some solid contact. Gotta imagine eventually something ...
UGH THESE FUCKING WARNING TRACK FLY BALLS. WHERE IS LAST NIGHT'S WIND AT???
If they keep swinging at the first pitches Kershaw will very easily pitch a c...
FUCK YOUR PERFECT GAME, KERSHAW
JAVY SAYS "FUCK YO PERFECT GAME, BITCH!"
So the Cubs are getting the Dodgers treatment from last night. Hitting it har...
Thank god no perfect game
The young guys have been so fearless this postseason. 
What is with these commentators and the dog metaphors?
i cannot wait to see how heyward rebuilds his swing in the offseason
poop
LET HIM PITCH JOE
He is. Literally no one but Buck is wanting to pull him. 
thanks for continuing to not give us that outside edge, blue
I hate that the a-gon homerun game on a decent pitch 
Tis frustrating.
That's what good hitters do. 
Does this ump suck or what?
Yes, even my 81 year old mama says the strike zone is inconsistent. Said last...
You did good CYle
Good job Karl.
Finish them Hardee's!
solid nickname right there
Just had a 1/2 lb cheeseburger with curly fries tonight. My wife who doesn't ...
This games pretty eye opening to me to how amazing Kershaw is
The Dodgers are some lucky bastards to be able to watch that every 5th day.
String Bean Slinger time
He's the slim reaper and that's that
Finish off this inning and start a rally. Cubs have been putting some real so...
FUCK AUDI LIGHTS
Slim Reaper time
So bad home plate ump? I'm not liking the inconsistency that I see. 
kershaw is getting a lot of reputation calls imo
Sloppier zone than a dropped Lou Malnatis deep Dish pizza. 
I think they should go with the hidden ball trick.
Close!
or that
Wow. It is SO different listening to the radio broadcast. I feel like my perc...
How's the radio broadcast calling it?
Pat and Ron never suggested Kyle should be pulled. And rightfully so. It's st...
Fuck face trying to be a hero. Come on string bean, take advantage.
He's just a fucking wizard out there. 
Javy is fucking amazing. 
Baez had to give him a head boop, lol.
Baez is fucking amazing!
Defense, we has it
Beautiful, beautiful, let's take that and run with it.
That was sick. Let's get some more hits!
Javys game sense is surreal!
GOT HIM IN THE PICKLE!

GOTTA LOVE THE FRICKIN' PICKLE!

My favorite player, javy Baez. 
Javy is brilliant 
My God Baez is amazing 
Lmao was that on purpose 
I'm trying to think of something cool to say about that play and I think I fi...
I love that man.
Baez Baez Baez!!!!!!!!
That was a very good DP
Not your traditional DP, but an attractive one nonetheless.
Man this whole post season has been Javy's big coming out party. Holy shit!!!
Im asking for a Baez jersery for Christmas.  The kid has just become somethin...
Honestly Baez 2b Zobrist LF has been the best change oh my lord
seriously kershaw gets that call?
He's getting every call. We need to get over that. 
Fuck this ump
You and u/KappaGerry hanging out?
It made me LOL. Great minds, or something
That was high!
Does this strike zone seem high to everyone?
Almost as high as Snoop after a few bowls.
Little high, little low
someone please baez wink gif me please
This is the gif we need. 
https://gfycat.com/GlumDigitalEgret
my hero
Good AB here Dex.
Why are we talking about the Dodgers adding to their lead in the 7th. DISRESPEKT
Drive that pitch count up. 
Ok Bryant. Dinger time
Need to get into that bullpen. Kershaw is just doing Kershaw things and it is...
A few more ABs like that and some hits and we will knock off Kershaw 
That bs strike
Come on hang one of those.
Helicopter guy is back! 
no pain now, just black helicopters
I just said the same thing....
why is the back of Kershaws hat so dirty 
That's what i said earlier!  Not saying he's cheatin, but he's probably cheatin
The back of my hat is dirty. 
But you're not a professional baseball player. 
Says who??
PINE TAR 
Hasn't washed it since he last issued a walk.
It's too bad we don't have the Kershaw-killer Szczur out there
Lmao was a bug or something crawling on Fowler?
Kershaw is just rolling man
I instantly thought of a 450 pound Kershaw rolling down off of the mound afte...
Alright, when should I break out the rally blanket?
[deleted]
I got you!
Right now.

Trying to remember something. Who was the pitcher that used to twist his glov...
Dempster, maybe.
Dempster used to do it I believe.
The last person I can think of to do this is Dempster
Dempster?
Dempster?
Ryan Dempster 
Definitely was. Thank you. It was driving me crazy 
Montgomery looks pretty good 
I really really want to somehow listen in on one of those pitcher/catcher con...
Dude, that girl in row 6 is eyeing you. If you get a Knhere, she might blow y...
"Hey, man. Plz strike much money."
"OK. Pause long and chew your gum behind y...
FUCK THIS UMP
NO WAY THAT WAS A FUCKING BALL
WTF UMP
Brutal, brutal sequence from Montgomery there. Let's go Mike.
bullshit
Chapman already? I dunno maddon
Why this is good

Exhibit A: Andrew Miller

I rest my case. 
Yes? 
I'll take one Andrew Miller and one Clayton Kershaw please. 
too early?
If you need a K...
Thank you, Zob.
castrowhew.gif
Come on guys time to turn it up!
I know this is completely unrelated but god damn, Joe Smith actually finished...
openning my first beer. this will be the inning guys.
Was that a commercial for a sex shop? Unexpected.
I had a weird ass commercial for curvesconnect.com
It's fortunate that it's still 1-0. Dodgers have squandered quite a few good ...
Has Joe Buck let everybody know that this is a game, yet?
Yeah I don't see Kershaw around here for much longer
They just said something about the cardinals FUCK THE CARDINALS 
I FEEL ALIVE
they were distracted by zobis awful walkup music
I thought that hit him on the helmet lol.
That didn't happen with David Price in the World Series that happened against...
at the risk of contradicting myself though I do have a critique of Joe Buck, ...
COME ON, BOOM BOOM!
All right, folks, let's give Buck what he wants. For Kershaw to literally be ...
More Baez magic time plz
Keep them scoreless, and we got this.
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
Just fucking eat his ass Joe.
Tfw javy does the Sosa shuffle and it doesn't go out 
Lotta brown pants in the Dodgers dugout right now.
Lets get that 1-2-3 and pull out the 8th inning magic!
BABIP'd like crazy tonight 
So close, just needed ten more feet. Kinda funny seeing Javi do the little So...
You get so few opportunities against Kershaw and we've blown ours. Addy is fu...
It's time to consider a change.  Russell is just out of it.  
[deleted]
Can confirm, felt the same.
I honestly thought that I was going to have to suck javy's dick there. 
Insane that one mistake pitch (which was a pretty good pitch) is all that has...
I mean game 1 NLDS...
My body is ready.
Fuck it, I want Kershaw back in there.  I want to beat the best or lose to th...
Just saving it for the 8th and 9th.  Hopefully Kershaw is out.  
He leaned into that so hard. No sympathy.
DP for u/UnfortunatelyLawless!
Needed that big time. 
Silk dreams of being as smooth as Baez 
christ is he going back out there?
good shit Pedro. also, good on Maddon for not panicking after the HBP
Ain't over till its over boys!! Time for the late inning bullshit! !
Who's pinching this inning, Coghlan?
Miggy again plz.
I like it honestly that they are leaving him in.  We end been making better c...
Maddon needs to start threatening them like children in the dugout.
"Boys, do...
We'll be fine guys. The Dodgers closer Clayton Kershaw isn't available 
All it takes is a tie and the Doggies will be done.
Heyward homer to tie it
Chance for Montero to reach god status right here
Huge that they kept the runner on third.
Nice play Dex.
THANK YOU CUBS GODS
Come on top of the order, let's FUCKING GO
This is it, do not throw away your shot! 
JUST LIKE THEIR COUNTRY THEY'RE YOUNG SCRAPPY AND HUNGRY 
Young, scrappy and hungry. 
CMON LETS GET 2 BABY!!!
COME ON LETS WIN THIS NOW!
RALLY TIME 
Squeeze bunt with 2 outs???
Puig scared
Alright boys let's go
Top of the order!! Lets play fuck the closer
Or in this case, give the closer another W!
R A L L Y
All right, offense has been cold for long enough. The time is right.
LOL Puig. #BuntNotPuigsFriend
We are going to win this game! We will get three straight hits to walk it off...
this is it guys.
Welp, this is October baseball. down 1 in the bottom of the 9th. Let's go, boys!
Rally cap primed and ready
Sooooo fuck the closer?
Dear baseball gods... If the Cubs walk off today I'll drink a glass of water 
Putting on my Cubs hoodie for the 9th, looking for any luck available.
LET'S FUCKING GO! Bucket time!!!
#I NEED A HERO
#IM HOLDING OUT FOR A HERO TIL THE END OF THE NIGHT
Cross your fingers, toes, and anything else you have two of.  
Balls are crossed! 
Let's do this!
I'll buy a box of Rizz-O's on payday if a walk off takes place 
Alright boys. Let's do this.
Let's get the crowd to throw Jansen off kilter
Fuck
Come the fuck on ump
Go fuck yourself, ump!
What the fuck are these calls
WTF was that call
This ump sucks dick
Admittedly, I had hoped this would be going differently, but I remain positive
Yeah, you can't expect to win against Kershaw. 
What the fuck was that call
God fuck that first "strike."
jesus fucking christ
Down by 1 after three. Time to fire Maddon and trade everyone. This sub makes...
Literally no one is suggesting anything even close to that.
Must have been a flashback from NLDS.
Well that's fair 
LMAO
[deleted]
You got it wrong. It's fire Wilson
KANE FOR MILLER STRAIGHT UP
I was with you until Gary.
How is Joe Buck able to talk with all of Kershaws cock and balls in his mouth? 
I'm getting tired of it myself. And of all the damn replays of simple singles...
Plenty of free space, probably
Lots and lots of practice
How come mad bums numbers means he dominates postseason but kershaws everyone...
Cause Kershaw is hands down the best pitcher in the league and MadBum isn't?
...
Hey Buck, does Gonzalez have a pretty swing?
hey guys is the dodgers SS big?
When you shake his hand, your hand cowers in fear, and retreats up your forea...
like a labrador in the paws or something
Wasted inning.  I get trying to elevate a pitch count, but swing at fucking s...
Can you all freaking relax? First time  through the order, we haven't  faced ...
no season over blow up the ricketts send theo to rosemont
Kershaw must love this umpire long time. 
Kershaw would be getting all those calls
Montgomery is so clutch. Thank you, Vogelsmash.
Is it just me or is the Dodgers bullpen full of deliveries that are borderlin...
Wonky deliveries are a MASSIVE advantage for the pitcher. Just ask Dontrelle ...
Add in Kershaw's pickoff move. He ALWAYS moves towards home before throwing t...
How would he balk with no one on?
Can't balk with no one on base.
NOPE THIS IS A REAL THING ABOUT THE DODGERS
Doesn't matter if we don't have any base runners...
Hah, I just realized Montero currently has the maximum possible OPS of 5.0
when a team's offense gets unlucky: wow, pitcher got lucky, what crap, baseba...
God damn these guys are slobbering over Kershaw's knob so fucking hard 
I mean, he is the best pitcher in the league over the past few years.
I know. I don't care if my hate is irrational. 
Just like bumgardener was the best postseason pitcher? 
Yep 
Time to abandon the sub. Yall are already so negative... it's the 3rd fucking...
Well that is about as bad as I've ever seen an offense look all year. And to ...
Last year (outside the Mets series) this sub was always fun and a fairly posi...
Joe Buck spends his time jacking off to pictures of Kershaw while getting hai...
He loves MadBum more.
Kershaw's wind up almost has a balk built in doesn't it? Or is it just that s...
that's his style. it makes him harder to hit. keeps their rhythm off . kind o...
It's got that distinctive 'hitch' to it, but no, not a balk.
yeah his right foot almost hits the dirt
Really don't care how big Seager is.
But did you know that he's 6'4" and you feel like he's even taller when stand...
Not sure what the fuck that at bat was about but it's still better than rizzos 
I can't think of a more useless AB . Jesus
Fuck it. Uppercut every pitch. It's score by home runs tonight or else we're ...
Yeah *thats* how you beat Kershaw 
If we get no hit at home in a playoff game heads gotta roll. 
Dr. Claw strikes again
Wasted inning 
This Kershaw guy might have a future in the league, too soon to determine tho...
KB double, Rizzo Bomb, calling it now
Let's get a hit so Joe buck can get Kershaws cock out of his mouth 
Miggy used up two entire games worth of luck last night
There are 2 different strike zones in this game.  One for Kershaw and one for...
It's like Joe Buck is umpiring
I hate Kershaw stupid face 
*throws fastball down the middle*

"Great pitch by Kershaw!!!"
"That's why he makes the big bucks. No one else in baseball can do that."
good shit Pedro. also, good on Maddon for not panicking after the HBP
Look at Dave Roberts, giving out signs, pretending he's a manager.
When Chapman doesn't have it, you can tell right away. He doesn't have it ton...
Umm, huh?
He has it, he got screwed on a couple of pitches. Joc shouldn't have been abl...
HE'S NOT EVEN ON THE MOUND ANYMORE BUCK. REMOVE KERSHAW'S COCK FROM YOUR THRO...
Y'know if you guys wanna just bitch all the time about every tiny detail why ...
I was gonna say something along the same lines. I figured I would check to se...
It's hard being the only fun person here :(
That's why I left. It's much more enjoyable to watch without people telling y...
You are missed (by me!)
Because playoffs, duh
because i hate everything

/s
Same reason I watch every Bears game... I like punishment. 
Ok the J-haters say "heres your chance to earn your contract" every time hes ...
I know.  I just get so nervous I  have to say something
Lol fair enough, I'm just of the mind that this is one game against the best ...
The shitty thing is is that it's in the MLBs best interest for the Cubs to lo...
Gotta cash in on those ratings 
Still two hours to go. I can't wait that long. That game last night...how can...
Watched half the game cause the B's were playing and got treated to them look...
Rizzo and Russell have been sleeping in, but hopefully they show up to class ...
[deleted]
I doubt that!
Have confirmation tonight. Won't be home for an hour into the game. I expect ...
Posted up in Black Bear Tavern in Atlanta Ga as I am visiting the area for fa...
Anyone believe Pete Rose when he says he doesn't drink?
I'm welling to bet on it ... as is he I'm sure.
*audible snort*
Dodgers is 3-0 when Kershaw pitches, but Kershaw isn't exactly Mad Bum in pos...
How many hair styles does Pete Rose do?
His stylist should be fired. That dye job is worse than the one my dead grand...
Anyone know if the game will be available on mlb.tv tonight
I did the sling 7 day free trial. Worked great last night. Sick of streaming. 
Gonna try this thank you!
It won't be
Thanks
I was under the impression the only way MLB.tv works during the postseason is...
Thanks
Someone come post up at the Miller's Pub bar with me
0-10 with 7 k's v. Kershaw.

That settles it. J-Hey is gonna get an extra bas...
JHey is going to Glenallen Hill it.
Yeah this Dodgers hype video is really fun, right?
Wow fuck you snoop
I used to like snoop. Now I H to the A to the T-E him. 
Anyone see that big ass pikachu in the background walking around? LOL
Got done with the internship duties today in record time to catch the game. L...
Yay it's Wayne 
Wayne!
[deleted]
Right to left, 6MPH.
I'm here and well on my way to being drunk.
Wayne Mesmer sang at the Wolves game I was at last night and he has a voice l...
Fuckin Javy looks like a g
Oh look at that cool ass mother fucker with the sun glasses.
Every time I hear Messmer, I'm reminded of Steve and Garry making fun of his ...
Too bad there's only 7 days in a week, fuck you Kershaw 
My stream still says "This game will begin shortly". Missed Messmer. Feelsbadman
why does A-Rod deal with Pete Rose's body odor to talk about sports at this r...
A Rod loves the game and probably enjoys this. Plus he likes attention lol
Pete seems like a happy person
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Snoop dog can fuck right off, we're hittin Kershaw tonight.
[deleted]
I think they're definitely right. He just wants drama - doesn't care who prov...
Why is this bit shot like an anti depressant ad
Let's go Dex
Jeff Garlin lookin ROUGH. Must've been up ALL night celebrating. 
My Cubs socks are 2-0. Lucky playoff socks!
What did Snoop do/say? r/outoftheloop
They just had a little fluff piece where he talked up his hometown Dodgers/Ke...
I like how the two Verizon commercial feature players from teams that have be...
The Verizon curse
"Why aren't you streaming my game?" Savage rip for Nats fans.
wtf that tomcat commercial
Wow. These fluff pieces are making the Cubs seem like shit.
Playing up the underdog storyline probably.
69 degrees tonight
Nice.
Nice.
Nice.
Jeff Garlin
http://i.imgur.com/Iydgrm5.jpg
Bad news. Turns out the Sportsnet coverage is just FS1.Theres no avoiding Joe...
VPN + MLB.tv. On laptop connected to TV with WSCR audio overlay
Stuck in Montreal for the night, don't have MLB.tv for the postseason.
You know what really grinds my gears?

People pissing and moaning about biase...
.....bro do you know who joe buck is?
Yes, and I don't live in 2006 anymore.
Bias doesn't really annoy me. It's when they don't fact check and say things ...
Well that's an entirely different matter, of course ... and that does chafe.
...
class is in session
Utley couldn't even write his name on the test 
I swear, it's like FOX is ignoring everything Kyle did this year.
but but but but but Kershaw!
#Alright Karl, 26 more of those thanks

No questions until the end of lecture Mr. Utley. Please take a seat.
Oh god if Hendricks is getting that call it's going to be a good night.
Seager gets an F!
#KKYLE
#K COUNT :2
**K**ARL
Cyle!
sending students to their seats
Changeup looks great. Super filthy stuff. 
Thumbs up Utley. You paralyzed. 

Too soon? 
Kyle's getting really good movement so far
Hendricks is SHARP tonight so far
He's got his stuff today!
Did... He just say Karl?
HE'S ON ON THE JOKE!
Clayton who?
Still on pace for 27 strikeouts 
Fucking Wrigley is pumped. I love it!!
Nasty stuff so far 
#1 2 3
Great start to the game from the Prof.
Great first inning
Nice start
The professor is dealing. 
Great job Karl!
Great inning by Baby Maddux 
Hendricks looking *sharp*.
Remember when people were ragging on Kyle's strikeout numbers?
[deleted]
Vs. a Baez lecture, those are slow as molasses.
Top of the dodgers order is in the principals office now. Can confirm. 
In school detention 
Dont think we have to worry too much about that injury, guys. 
RUNAMUCKER 
K now 8 more like that!
Hendricks looked hella sharp
Kyle is on. Good luck on the exam today Dodgers.
I love how bored Karl looks every time he leaves the mound.  Kid cracks me up.
Class is in session bitches. 
Need a big bottom of the inning here. If no runs at least run that pitch coun...
With that kind of efficiency he'll have another inning in his arm!
We just have to make sure someone keeps killing Karl's dog every half inning 
I want to see the offense get to Kershaw early, and hear the crowd break out ...
Kris Bryant so well dressed
He's dapper AF.
effective sponsorship deal tbh
This is true.
I'm watching the game at a bar for the first time this post season.  I don't ...
You'll need to drink until you reach down to their level... Then have extra fun.
I probably do need to catch up. I was working until 5:30. They have been here...
Manhattan poured. Let's do this.
I call them "Brown Mumblers" 
Nice play there
That was good by Turner 
Unfortunately a nice play by Turner.

First pitch ball on Kris
I hope the guy behind the Marlins guy isn't with him. I hope he is mocking him. 
Outside
Sweet. Uverse just went out for me. AT&T loves me the last 2 nights.
SWING
Damn nobody in the stadium thought he would throw a fastball there. What a pitch
Hmm Bryant never swung the bat.
He didn't get any pitches to swing at
So I wasn't good/dedicated enough to play in high school, but the last team I...
Since when is it good advertising to compare your product to a mullet?
The movement in kershaws curve looks like when i was young and I would play o...
Butt
poop
Drat. 
http://m.imgur.com/yg1XyZv

The MLB app was confused by KBs strikeout
Nuts.
Adrian has been killing the Cubs ever since I can remember
get boned, Pederast
Nice one Ben. 
Can't leave anything up in the zone tonight 
Why do the Dodgers show bunt so God damn often? 
Shift?
I PREFER CAPS LOCK
Is that Marlins Man Jr. behind Marlins Man?
It's PFT Commenter. Check his twitter page 
It's all good, just one run.
This will be the game our black hole of the lineup (so far) will break out
I believe.
Haha this political ad is saying we should vote for this dude because he cond...
man who HASN'T murdered and dismembered his wife? dude deserves a second chan...
Bosio needs to refocus him. He just needs to get back to his game plan and he...
man i'm torn between attacking kershaw early and giving him easy 1 pitch at b...
looks like a big WHAT?
The fuck?
Man that was a good pitch.
We've gotta get some hits together man. 3-4-5 isn't doing anything.
Can confirm, no hits =/= wins.
Kershaw has been worse after the first time through the lineup this post seas...
At least the helicopter is quieter today. 
stealth helicopter
Why is Kyle suddenly getting squeezed?
Making Utley look ugly
Utley is a punk bitch
Get it Karl! 
Hey! I just got home and tried to start the game off of my DVR and for some r...
You missed Adrian gonzalez crushing one, and Cubs offensive futility. 
Did Kyle look okay other than the homer?
Looked great in the first, thrown a lot of pitches since then. A lot of them ...
Hendricks started the game with back to back Ks. Some dick hit a hr off him i...
Did Kyle look okay other than the homer?
Alright, thanks! I can probably survive without seeing that.

we haven't had a baserunner yet, so yeah no
Did Kyle look okay other than the homer?
wtf is marlins man doing standing right in the isle.. thats distracting bud 
they should have showed the marlins man on his phone during that little clip
Woah what a neat camera angle
Dirtcam!
He can't find the plate :(
cry
They're not getting fooled, ya gotta get some strikes in there
*clench* 
Get your fucking seeing eye dog ump
YAY GETTING SQUEEZED!!!!
Fuck this zone 
Fuck you Kyle doesn't have to listen to you Joe he does what he wants
Huge!! 
HELL YEAH LETS GET SOME RUNS
There we go!
Ok smoltz let's hop off Adrian's dick, yeah?
And right onto kershaws! He's got both options tonight so buckle up!
Hendricks really got away with one there but I'll take it 
Haha yeah he left that right over the heart of the plate. Part of baseball is...
Let's get Kershaw to do some work now
Time to work the count Cubbies 
Man I hate it when we have the bottom of the order up against kershaw But thi...
If we could just get one and then keep it tied until Kershaw came out of the ...
Alright, boys. We want some long at bats here. 
Cubs HAVE to work the ABs now. Take pitches, foul some off, anything to make ...
Lmao Willy 
lol Willson, oh man. 
Wilson looked asleep on the first strike.

Edit: Well on all the strikes.
I like the call by Joe there. Make him pitch a few, let us relax. 
Cubs watching some good pitches go by tonight
Kershaw: Screw you kid.
He can't walk anyone because the ump has a huge strikezone
At least wilson made him throw 3 pitches.
4
Next at bat Contreras is going to attempt to smash the first pitch fastball 
Was just thinking that. 
I'm surprised he didn't try to sell it more with some kind of ugly late swing...
our best hitter is coming up guys don't worry
What the hell was Contreras doing?
Kershaw gonna go 12 innings at this rate
It figures Kershaw looks like shit versus the Nats and then goes back to form...
Kershaw's pitch count....dayum 
SWING THE BAT!
Yikes.  First time thru not so good. 
wow this game is going quickly
jfc at least swing
Basically relying on fowler, Bryant and zobrist tonight. 


Any pitcher will look great if nobody ever swings 
If we could not get no hit that'd be great
That was such a wasted inning for us. The second time through better do somet...
Pretty obvious patience isn't going to work against Kershaw tonight. Time to ...
Is Marlins guy a troll? Seems like a good way to meet a makeshift Old Style c...
What is a shive?
If its a JF jersey then it's completely acceptable. 
Nope
That agon thing was awkward
They absolutely love saying illusion 
Clean fielding right now. Sobriety is looking good, hopefully he can start pe...
COME ON BLUE
where was that pitch 
Hendricks is looking better. Hope to get a couple more innings out of him.
Should be good for six. Hopefully seven if he can avoid deep counts 
GIVE ME THE ROBOTS 
[Robots are everywhere, and they eat old people's medicine for fuel.](http://...
"Assuming direct control."
Key at bats coming up right here. Let's go! 
That was a quick inning.  Hendricks might be calming down and hitting his str...
Fowler doesn't get enough love from the media. Bryzzo is awesome, but Sexy De...
Can't wait for the 8th inning!
https://twitter.com/Cubs/status/787820896740184064
Why am I into that KFC girl?
she's got chicken
Chicken strips with pickles...
Her dad had chicken, too, but he's just alright to me.
she's laying on a bed with her ass to the camera the whole time, you're being...
Yep. That's probably it. 
I'm at a point to where this is too tense to watch, and I'm just following re...
Don't do it, you'll think we're falling apart at the seams.
35 pitches! You cannot make it this easy.
So. Damn. Close.
OMG THAT WAS DEMOLISHED HOLY SHIT
thats some solid contact from rizzo at least
you just pissed him off 
I was ready to fight after that pitch. 
That foul ball gave me blue balls 
That's the best Rizzo looked all playoffs
We're getting Klowned
welp

we got ahead in a few ABs so thats an improvement
10 pitches an inning for him so far.... insane 
Get some hits next inning 
Still just a run but god damn we need to figure out something offensively.
Post Season Rizzo giving me the worst case of blue balls I swear 
meh. they're not making Kershaw go a complete game, right?   
Actually, do. T...
Kershaw is on right now, the best thing to do now is keep this game close
1 swing of the bat. Rizzo nearly did it already. Don't be like that
It's a good thing we have Kyle
And Monty warming up. All is well
[deleted]
YESSSSSSSS
Mike vs all these lefties sounds nice.
5th inning in one hour
i like letting him stand on base and not relax... might work out! 
Of course kershaw with a base hit
Da fuq is that Matrix bullshit?
Hendricks so good at defense....
I'm calling a 7 pitch AB from Zo 
There's the Karl I know, inducing weak contact.
5 GOOD INNINGS FROM THE PROFESSOR. TIME FOR ZOBRIST TO BREAK UP THE PERFECT G...
Followed by a Javydong
They talk that kid up more they're going to accidentally call him Jeter
 Addison Russell is the young shortstop most often compared to Derek Jeter. 
Alright time to score some runs 
Just need that first hit to get the guys going. Zobrist usually good for a te...
Someone needs to edit that commercial with explosions for the note 7
Well done Cyle!

Now make Clayton sweat a little bit.
How the hell do you calculate spin rates?
Count really fast
We need some Bill Murray 
Why you gotta tease me?
Damn. So close.
God damn. 10 more feet.
Wind always fucking dies when we need it.  Blech.
blue balls
Next AB Zobrist hits it out. Hes been inching closer. 
"in play, out(s)" is heartbreaking 
Hit him hard twice - got a bit unlucky on both.
#MY POOR BLUE BALLS
Getting good swings on him at least. We can hit this guy.
Can we move the back wall forward by about 15 feet?
Oh my god again 
Ugh. Just painful right now. 1 hit olease
How about we flatten this out some please
I got a little excited.

Lesson: Never let yourself get excited, will avoid d...
Stop teasing my dick! 
Jesus... about 10 more feet worth of power on those 2 hits and this is a very...
Upside, Kershaw is not unhittable. Back to back yard just occurred. 
Glad to see them squaring him up. Just look for a pitch and jump it, I'm tell...
Thank you Baez, and fuck off nohitterbot.
FUCK YOUR NO HITTER
We killed the perfect game guys.
Perfect game is done. Might as well pull him. 
OMG KERSHAW ISN'T PERFECT JOE BUCK IS GOING TO HAVE A HEART ATTACK
Pederson hustled to that ball cuz he knew that might be a double in Baez's world
Thank god we broke up the perfect game
Guys, we don't schedule our comebacks until the 8th or 9th. Relax
Javi for MVP
Fuck it, I'll dream big. Let's see a homer!
We've been hitting Kershaw more often. I think he's starting to shake a littl...
Damn he whipped that over to first 
Javy crawling 
we got a hit! boy oh boy! 
#KEEP IT COMING CUBBIES
Lol Joe Buck.

That was pretty funny 
Blood in the water. Bring us home J-Hey.
If Heyward gets a hit here it's worth the whole 200m
HERE WE GO BOYS
PLZ JHEY PLZ
Heyward please. Please do something. I will buy a Heyward jersey if you go de...
Baez, good thinking man
COME ON JHEY GET THAT SKRILLA
Baez loves running 
Anyone else yell NO JAVY at your tv?
I had a sharp intake of breath...does that count?
#THE GREAT J-HEY REDEMPTION AHOY
Good thing we had a slugger up in that spot 
That's momentum at least
It would have been if we scored. It still will/could be if we shut them down ...
can't say I expected much else from Heyward.  :(
At least he didn't groundout to 2nd
Honestly pop-ups are worse. They are basically a small step up from a K.
what do we say to the Gods of Perfect game? NOT TONIGHT!
Can ya'll even begin to imagine how unstoppable this team would be if Heyward...
And if Schwarbs hadn't died. So many what ifs.
HE NOT DED - take that back /s
Dude is a post season HR fucking machine. 
pinch hitter next inning and top of the lineup third time through. let's go 
Yo I'm starting a crew so I can use one of those Monster Blasters, who wants ...
Anything with the words monster and blaster involved is an immediate yes.
Sweet I now have a crew!
No idea what you are talking about but I'm in
Sick, also it might just be a regional add lol.
Last inning here for Hendricks let's make it count!
Not getting any favorable calls 
double play right here
I don't like bringing our bullpen guys in with guys on. It seems like they al...
Trust in the stringbean my friend.
I have more faith in him than probably anyone else in our pen to keep this a ...
I don't like blowing a bullpen slot when Kyle wasn't struggling too badly, bu...
Thats been a strike all night
CARLLLLLL. CARLLLLLLL. 
Going from Karl to Carl.

#LET'S GO
Gonzales and the ump talking. CONSPIRACY

/s
I get the feeling this game is going into extras.
I have an exam in 10 hours. Please no. 
I know you have your priorities straight 
Cubs > everything else in life
Yeah, I mean I'll stay up still but like, idk, I would like to pass. 
I'm not putting on a happy face fuck this commercial 
Solid outing. But need the bats and the bullpen to step up.
Man this ump just loves throwing the new ball to the pitcher
Is it me, or is the ump a little inconsistent? I've been flipping games so ha...
Baez you madman!
#I LOVE YOU JAVY
Who do they love more. Baez or Kershaw?
Keyshawn right now
Javy!!!
Defense like that wins games they say.
Next level baseball IQ
BAEZ FINDS A WAY
Rare emotion from Carl. I love it
Fucking genius.
Javy Baez so gooooooood
Hot damn Javy!! You beautiful bastard...
Awesome play from Javy, but why didn't Addi go to first? They didn't show the...
Probably too lightly hit
Probably no one covering the base.
Rizzo wasn't on the bag
I never want to see Zobrist at second. Now I know why people disagreed when I...
Lol infield fly isn't called on a line drive. 
stupid kershaw
Soler not looking any better than Heyward. 
dude he got hosed on that 2-1, it should have been 3-1
Soler makes me sad :( 
Smart play. Back when I used to play and there would be an infield fly, I'd c...
Someone make that winks gif already 
Soler hasn't been effective off the bench in these playoffs.
Yeah I wish we took Matt instead.  
People were saying that Baez would have the highest ceiling out of all the yo...
can't imagine having that level of situational awareness, he's not human
Time for a big hit
Great AB Dex, now let's get a hit. 
I like this crowd.
Great AB, Dex
keep workin it sexy dexy
Man Kershaw is mowing us down 
Least it was racking up the pitch count
Homer for KB pls
The foul pop - the Kershaw special!
Good AB by Fowler just didn't get the desired result
What's up with all of these pitchers and their funky throwing motion? First i...
Smack this KB
He did, just a bit over it and right at Turner. Unlucky. Hell we got an 0.117...
That's a little unfortunate 
Oh boy. Here we go boys, hold on to your butts.

I like Monty yelling 1 1 1 1
I'M READY FOR 7TH INNING KERSH
Walks are killer
Just fuck our shit up, ump.
Joe acting like he didn't want him to do that
Thank fuck.
Good work by Monty
Think it's really Strop? Bucko was wrong last night... 
My butthole clinched tight on that hit...
*clenched
Had exactly 1 beer in the fridge and I'm breaking it out as a 7th inning rall...
same mate, same
Here's to a lucky beer!
First sip of beer, first walk of the night!! I think it's working
Send this guy more booze!
[deleted]
\o/
Let's get some 8th and 9th inning runs like we have been doing all postseason...
LETS GO BABY HE SUCKS LAYE IN THE GAME
His command seemed to be slipping last inning. Let's hope that trend continue...
I thought Kershaw never walked anyone.
#HIS NECK IS EXPOSED, END IT HERE CUBBIES 
#IIIIIIIIII FEEEL ALLIIIIIIIIIIIIIVE
I have never heard a crowd go so nuts over a leadoff walk lol 
11 walks all year
Good AB by Rizzo there.
4 pitch walk from Kershaw is a sign of something 
Please let this be the fall of Kershaw.  Postseason Kershaw please stand up, ...
LOL.

This must have been what it was like for other fans to watch their team...
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLL
Did that hit Grandal in the noggin?
Almost. 
Time to wash that hat, Kershaw!
IT'S A SIGN
I'm actually a pretty big fan of Kershaw but god damn I hate the fucker right...
Haha I love that it's a high intensity game and claytons just laughing at the...
Ben what are you doing?
Ok that means homerun now
#2 HANDS FOR SAFETY
What a break! Let's capitalize.
Free out! Make 'em pay!
CAPITALIZE 
*watches a meatball for strike 3*
\*bonk*  
edit: oh. thought that pinged off his helmet
Zo was looking offspeed the whole way. 
How the fuck do you watch that after hacking at worse shit....
if addy is going to do anything it needs to be RIGHT NOW 
That was a good pitch :/
Dude. Swing.
[#TAKE MY ENERGY!](/#WeAreGood)
advanced formatting here
ADDY PLZ. RIZZO IS LITERALLY ON BASE. 
That was just brutal Zobrist.   Some of these hitters tonight I tell ya.   Fr...
he just told the manager to get the fuck out of here 
Cubbies breaking out those AA playoff bats
I hope Javy goes yard on him because he got cocky. 
Fuck. Damn so close.
EVERYTIME
I thought Baez had it
We all did, the whole damn stadium did... 
including Kershaw
Fuuuuck
fack
god dammit kershaw you're good
FUCK!
FUCK
Come on. Fuck what a tease
Oh man, he just missed that!
sigh
Kershaw saying his prayers there.
Fuck my blue balls 
That Sosa hop had me fooled. I was exited.
I exited when that ball was caught... 
Lol. I didn't even notice. 

Excited 
Baez had a little Sammy hop there
How many are we gonna hit to the fucking warning track? SO FUCKING FRUSTRATED...
Fucking fucking fuck fuck fuck
Need to play small ball. no more unproductive outs.
So many warning track balls fucking hell
Yesterday one of them would have been out. Just not in the winds tonight.  Go...
Alright...two innings to get a run against not Kershaw. It can be done.
If Javy hit that out...oh man
Wrigley would need to be rebuilt.
Sometimes...  I hate baseball.  
Kershaw might be done after that inning. 
Kenley though.
on my way to leave work and my car breaks down noooo
I don't want to run anything back 

Fuck Gatorade 
Strop... what was that bro.
Right, rally blanket is coming out in the bottom of the inning.
Strop plz
Juuuuust a bit inside.
Pedro....
OH BABY A DOUBLE PLAY
Strop better have a short leash he don't look good
and just like that
Nice turn by Baez
God Baez made that look easy despite running at an angle.

How the fuck does ...
Look at what he does and you'll see he has amazing control of his body, almos...
Yeah let's play that Roberts laugh one more time.
Seriously fuck that. 
Dave Roberts going full Million Dollar Man with that laugh.
Everybody's got a price! Bahahahahahaha!
Everybody has a price! 
Bryant baez rizzo. Amazing
We did it! Made it past the 8th
#RALLY BUCKET: ENGAGED
Can that bucket be used to hold all my stress barfs?
ummmm... let me take it off my head first.
Damn, I thought we had seen the end of Kershaw.
I'd rather see him. He is gassed
8TH INNING MAGIC
If you haven't yet.... rally towels. Jerseys inside out. Take a shot of Malor...
I believe in watching the Cubs do their thing. That's what I'ma gonna do
Nonchalant throw by Javy like it was warmups before the inning.
Someone cast Dave Roberts in the new Joker movie ASAP
Lets get some runs!! Rally cap engaged!
that was a cute high-five-hand-hold that kershaw just gave
[Muskat says Kershaw is done](https://twitter.com/CarrieMuskat/status/7878424...
[**@CarrieMuskat**](https://twitter.com/CarrieMuskat/)

> [2016-10-17 02:27...
2 innings of not Kershaw? Fuck yea
It's time to put miggy in again and hope he can fuck shit up for the Dodgers ...
Come on boys, just gotta scratch one across.
Kershaw is out. Time to beat up on Jansen.
Jansen is as good as Kershaw.
But at least he isn't Kershaw.
Another pinch hit dong coming 
Who's pinch hitting? Monty? Cogs?

Edit: Miggy, not Monty.
Probably Coghlan
I'd put Jake in tbh
He won't put a righty in
COME ON MONTE. 
#GUESS WHAT MIGGY'S BACK
Come on Migs... go yard again. Be the hero. 
Fack.
Buzz [Cubs], your girlfriend [batting], woof!
Maybe if I take my hat off..
Worth a shot. I'll go put my "this is what a cool dad looks like" shirt on. S...
blue you suck
that was close 

Balls...
Ugh.
Chapman just isn't the same pitcher when he's not in a save spot. 
FUCKING NICE
fuck yeah dex
Annnnndddddd unclench
one more out... let's do this!!!
2 more strikes you glorious bastard
Alright. They can do this. 
What in the fuck was Puig doing there? Wow. 
Rally blanket is up to my chin now, YOU GOT THIS CUBS!
Thank god for Puig.
Good job Chapman! Lets get it going!
RALLY BUCKET
Just puig things â˜ºï¸
If Kershaw wasn't on the mound we just went up 2-0. He can't pitch everyday.
All it takes is a tie. That's it. PLZ.
Let's get 2 runs......fuck their closer
This. Is. Rizzo.
Strap in folks. This is what makes playoff baseball so great.
good game, NOW LET'S GET SOME RUNS!!!
CARDIAC CUBS LETS GO
How many 9th ining wins do we have?
A few
They just said 10 on the radio. 9 in the regular season and then Tuesday night.
We are one swing away!
I don't believe in miracles, but with this team you never know. Prayers to th...
CMON BOYS
Alright boys. 
Walk off pls
Let's go at least put up a fight
Rally cap is on.

Time to walk it off.
That guy is doing the rally cap all wrong and it hurts inside
It's ok guys, Dex was just making his arm tired for Kris!
Fuck this ump is terrible. 
Holy fuck that was terrible. 
Right over the heart of the batters box
Not even close. Come on ump. Jesus
man that was not even close
Are you fucking shitting me
WOW
If there ever were a time for Rizzo to wake up
Ummm i KNOW joe fuck did NOT just call Kershaw the best pitcher in baseball
More like you know he DID. #dickridin'
He is. Unquestionably. 
[deleted]
1. His ERA was 1.69 this year, not sure what league you're looking at where t...
He pretty clearly is... theres not really much debate
You're gonna tell me he isn't?
I mean he is....
#LOL BEST PITCHER IN THE GAME MY ASS
A certain sick curiosity compels me to inquire whom you think is appreciably ...
I just hope he's the second best starting pitcher in tonight's game
Kershaw? He certainly is.
LOL
One year doesn't make Hendricks better than him
Great argument bud
4-8 4.78 ERA in the playoffs. 
126-60 2.37 ERA in the regular season. I'll take the numbers in the larger sa...
Kershaw is definitely the best pitcher in the game. 
Joe needs to do some tinkering, can't win when 3-4-5 is a total black hole ev...
Exactly. We don't need Russel's defense. Baez is arguably a better SS. Zobris...
Soler has barely been involved in a game since middle of September. I really ...
1-20. can't be worse. la stella. coghlan. any one can strike out ground out.
Out of your mind. Russell is the better SS 
you're delusional. he's got a limp dick arm. needs to take a few steps and ge...
Limp dick arm? Lmao, you're just an idiot. There is nobody in the world who t...
His strength is fielding the ball. He can get to and scoop anything. He's got...
You probably haven't watched enough games to see the plays Addi makes backhan...
Javy would have made that tag. Addy was late. 
Javy bobble at SS while infield in
Javy makes a brilliant play and Russel is confused. Javy had to tell him what...
True. Please get outta this slump 
Zoby's good

JHey is in the 8 hole tonight.
it's been working so far but yeah maybe some tinkerage is in order
Did one of the announcer just laugh after that K? What a fucking douche. 
BUCK JOE FUCK! Is it just me or is he all over that Dodger dick? 
LITERALLY EVERYONE IN THIS GDT HAS MADE A COMMENT ABOUT IT. WE GET IT. HE SUC...
I like the call that inning. Pitch count is going to be huge, I think it's go...
Alright Cubs lets do this!  #LEEEROOOY JENKINS!!
I was so pumped we didn't have to play Murphy and now fucking Gonzalez is doi...
Gonzalez is low key one of the better hitters in the league.
I'm aware, but he's hot right now comparatively. 
True, but that's the kind of challenge you gotta overcome in the post season.
Again, I'm aware haha. 
it's not gonna be easy, there's always gonna be THAT guy
Friendly reminder that we are facing the best pitcher in the game over the pa...
Kyle is so afraid of giving up runs he can't hit the zone.  Well other than t...
Not sure how I feel about being on this sub. Last time was game 4 and it was ...
I like hanging out in GDTs when I watch games. But as soon as things start to...
It's crazy how some people who have been in GDT's this whole year are still b...
What a piss poor effort than inning. We're just taking every pitch?
That half inning was hard to watch. Not gonna get Kershaw out that way. Hope ...
I long for the day that big pharma can no longer advertise their medications. 
Way to get out of it! Now can we please light up Kershaw? I'm tired of FOX tr...
I love JHey, but I can't help but wonder what a Soler PH at bat from the righ...
I wish len and jd were calling this game. Can't stand these guys.
I said forget the TV and seriously turned it to 670 The Score....SO MUCH BETTER.
I wish I had a radio in my house.
Phone. At Bat app.
Javy making love to the camera
Did he just say, "Chicks dig the long ball?"
Yeah, I believe that's from living on the black? Not entirely sure. Read that...
ooooold commercial from the 90s with glavine and maddux
No I know what it's from, I just had to a double take, lol.
Wong*
Wong bb <3
Haha yeah that would have been one of the dumbest moves of the postseason pul...
Plz Monty, start a rally in any way you can.
#AND I SAID PLAY IT AGAIN PLAY IT AGAIN PLAY IT AGAIN
And poor Coghlan is sitting on the bench
Probably gonna pinch hit him eh?
Ugh... This game. 

I still believe we can do this though. They better. I'm h...
We get it, Joe Buck sucks.  CAN YOU ALL PLEASE SHUT UP ABOUT IT?  Start a new...
but he sucks...
Dang I just realized that using Kershaw was at least partially about killing ...
so they cut off their nose to spite their face, this game is faaaaaaaaaar fro...
he was always going to the game 2 starter.  This is on normal rest, the appea...
FYI when managers make their rotation, they plan to win, not lose. 
And, you know, him being a decent pitcher. 
kershaw a decent pitcher?

big if true
Source?
My ass. 
I think it mentions it on his wikipedia page.
Yeah I don't appreciate these unfounded claims.
Solid ab by Wilson
Can't go to LA down 1-1 (LA steals homefield w/ win).

Lets go offense.
IF and that's a big if we lose this game losing to Kershaw isn't anything to ...
Lol LA has no pitching except for Kershaw dude.
That might be all they need...

Could very easily steal one or two against La...
Have you seen Rich Hill?
Rich Hill got beat up by the Nats lol
The Nats have one of the best offenses in the league. 
*cough* what's our run differential? *cough*
And we're about to beat Kershaw anyway so it's a moot point.
Rich Hill is actually surprisingly very good. I wouldn't say no one.
He's good but he's been battling injuries and didn't impress against Washington 
Jansen
That's a closer.
[deleted]
I can be your teacher then! 
[deleted]
[deleted]
WELP PACK IT IN BOYS MAYBE NEXT YEAR
fifty suicides just now
Am I the only one that tolerates Joe Buck? He seriously is not that bad.
The issue is all national broadcasts seem to favor any west coast team no mat...
He's okay, I think he just gets stuck with shitty color commentators. 
He's not bad, just boring. But I enjoy complaining about him.
I don't mind him for baseball. Not a fan of him for football though.
A lot better than Matt Vasgersian
"That's his dominant hand. He eats with that hand. That's his glove hand."
Pierre McGuire is infinitely worse...and Milbury.
McGuire is tolerable. Milbury is just a complete fucking asshole. 
Tolerable but still creepy.
I despise Milbury, and I'm a Bruins fan lol.
Everyone despises him. I think even milbury hates him. 
Yes you are. 
theory: every fandom thinks Joe Buck is against them because he has to call f...
You really are and yes he is. 
It's really hard to understand Joe Buck while he's blowing Kershaw. 
Like listening to Gruden talk about Carson Wentz. *slurp slurp slurp.*
To be fair if anyone has earned this ball juggling it's Kershaw 
Fuck joe buck... any fans at the game please start this chant... would love t...
They don't have to put up with him 
Nah
The jeff garlin bit was dumb.  I wanted highlights FOX.  You promised HIGHLIG...
I come in peace... How many years has that cow catcher been up in outfield? I...
6 feet at most
Installed in 1970.
It's been there since 1970
It was installed in 1970
Since the early 70s or late 60s iirc
The basket yo
Cow catcher? Haha, and I'm fairly certain it's been there a long time. 
1970. From Wikipedia: The "basket" angles away from the wall, and is also hig...
It's been there for several decades at least. And a dozen is a bit of a stret...
Longer than I've been alive, I think.
Looks to be a short outing from Kyle tonight 
It looks like Kyle doesn't have it tonight
Deep breaths mate, it's gonna be ok!
Just so nervous my man 
I know the feeling, just don't get to worked up and soak in the post season a...
It doesn't look like you have it tonight
I haven't had it since 1993.
I'm worried about Kyle. He's already at 60 pitches through three innings...
If he can tighten it up we can still get to the 5th or 6th before going to th...
Next three innings he'll have 20 pitches total to get back on track.
That was an absolutely terrible at bat
Need to swing the bat in order to make contact.
Really? Somebody down voted me for this? What, would you rather they stand up...
I think we've got them right where we want them. Or something like that. 
Welp, that was one of the worst offensive innings I've seen in a while
Who knew the WNBA finals were going on right now?
Whats a wnba?
Me neither
The what?
WE KNOW FS1 KERSHAW IS GOOD
Talking about a perfect game jinxes it right?
I would have preferred to see a right-hander take that at bat instead of Jaso...
Heyward giving away at bats, shocker.
Robot umpires.  Pretty please.
We really need to win game 3 regardless. Kershaw is going minimum two more ga...
He'll go one more and have a relief appearance. He's not a super human 
Game 3 we've got great odds though. This is supposed to be their game so if w...
I thought Monty was supposed to be our five guy behind Lackey? Please advise. 
Lester pitches game 4 or 5 depending on what we need. 
? Nobody uses 5 starters in the playoffs 
Right, I know,  but I could have sworn he was slated to start. I'm probably j...
There were a few people that predicted it here because the dodgers are bad ag...
No reason to with off days.
Kershaw I'm supposed to hate you... Stop being likeable 
Kershaw is a great pitcher. Arguably the best in the game. It is appropriate ...
I don't think I understand why no one can hit Jansen 
He throws 97 MPH cutters 
Because they swing at high fastballs that no one can get to
looks like his fastball has some movement on it
I wish FS1 used the pitch tracker more often
Very un-Hendricks so far 
First inning was very Hendricks. Gonzalez just knew where it was going to be....
Nah. Two strikeouts in the first inning isn't Kyle. That isn't his game. He's...
Last couple? He's only pitched two innings. Chill.
Right, he's allowed to be off for a couple batters 
Seemed like that homer might have rattled him a bit. Every pitch was what he ...
Hope the bullpen is ready for a long night.  
Guys we are only down 1 run , let's calm down a lil
are you new to being a cub fan?
Nope life long all my 17 years
Then why are you surprised by the negativity?
How the fuck are you gonna come in and walk two guys? Seriously 
Montgomery has good stuff. Command not quite up to par.
When the umpire gives you different strike zone than he gave the starters?
than he gave kershaw*
Evidently Kershaw is the only one that can throw pitches in that location and...
Why are we letting Heyward bat in desperation time? 
Every fan in the crowd is an idiot. Stop getting excited for bad contact.
...why?
Postseason amplifies that
fuck you and your no fun
Disagree. Get hype for everything.

*Player spits* 

*monstrous applause*
#CLAYTON KERSHAW HAS A PERFECT GAME THROUGH 3
It's just a fastball guys. Not even that fast. Hardly any movement. Come on.
You've probably never played baseball...
Any real reason why the score has the line towards LA tonight?
Kershaw.

[Betting lines here.](http://www.vegasinsider.com/mlb/odds/las-vegas/)
they have this dude named kershaw
Fivethirtyeight still favors us oh so slightly
XD I died 
Let's get this boys!!!

By winning tonight, it would force the Dodgers to hav...
Looks like Sportsnet is coming up big for me tonight broadcasting the game. W...
I'm chowing down pre-game on some quality ravioli in my Rizzo shirsey to hope...
Gonna miss the first couple innings due to work, but I'll be peeling out of t...
#I'M READY!
Hope we get a great night offensively from Dex, he has great numbers against ...
If last night is any indication, he's seeing the ball pretty well
I'm going to need video of the Fox version of "Someday We Will Go All The Way...
Go Cubs!
*We are score, we are score, we are score...*

Please let it be so.
Reporting for my lecture! LET'S DO THIS, KARL.
Kyle will give you a real lecture tonight
My hands still hurt from last night's game and I lost my voice.

I guess I'll...
Wtf snoop, why you gotta be like that
Fuck off Snoop Dogg 
Wtf did I just watch?
The anthem singer has an awesome jacket.
I bought that same jacket 20 years ago. Never have I ever seen anyone else wi...
Who is this dude?
Sparxy's dad. Didnt ya know?
Sparx never tells me this shit :(
He met him once apparently. Posted a photo a while back.

After reading that ...
It's all good, plus Sparx hates us all anyway :P
He sang for the Hawks before Jim C. He's a legend :)
Ahhh ok, the only legend Boston has for that is Rene Rancourt and he's slowly...
I love Rancourt! 
It's gonna suck to see him go :( I hope someone can step up and create their ...
Wayne Mesmer? He sings the anthem at about 75% of home games.
I live in Mass so I don't get to see as many games as I'd like :/
I live in PA, you should get MLB.TV. Well worth it, costs less than a month o...
Once I have a steady job (just graduated) I probably will!
Sounds like you need to work on your priorities. Just don't eat for February ...
My parents are amazing people and letting me live at home lol, once I got mon...
and he used to be THE anthem singer at hawks games at the stadium
Play Ball..... 
Let's gooo!
Shut up A-Rod
anyone know the wind situation?
Right to left, 6MPH.
This is gonna be a nail-biter in my non-expert opinion. 

Lets go Cubs!
#LET'S FUCKING GO BOYS
How many degrees is it at the ballpark?
#69
My body is ready.
I'm pumped to see the MLB era leader pitch tonight 
Lets go!!! Game time boys!! If we make Bumgarner look mortal you damn right w...
I feel like an idiot here.  What channel is the game on, like the #?  This is...
FYI the answer is channel 408

most lists will say 237 but this is for HD, no...
Chase Utley looks like Caius Cosades from Morrowind
If the Cubs knock Kershaw out early-ish, maybe the Dodgers can Masterpass the...
Kyle hit 91 I don't believe it
Good start!
Rockin the Hendricks jersey today. Feeling a good start.
Utley gets an F!
Karl
Holy shit he made Utley look like an idiot there. Damn Kyle. 
Chimi: churri 

Nuun: Electrolyte drink

Fuck: the Dodgers 
#K COUNT :1
Which way is the wind blowing
So far there's a slight breeze at home plate with these swings by the dodgers. 
Closed captioning keeps saying "Chase Dudly" and I am so pleased.
marlins man and woman?!? WTF 
that's what i was thinking. do you think they know each other?
either way WHY WOULD A CUBS FAN SELL THEM THOSE SEATS?!?!? 
Marlins man is in front, PFT Commenter and Big Cat are sitting behind him. Bi...
Those are barstool guys behind Marlins man. 
that pitch was sick
Kyle's stuff is moving great early. Nice to see
Wow, Utley was completely fooled. 
KKarl
ðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŠðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™ŒðŸ™Œ
Let's do this!
God Willy is so good at framing 
Good god. Class is in session.
Uhhhhh goodbye!! 
Kyle is looking good early 
CYLE Hendricks. Class is in session
attta boy
Good stuff, lets do all the innings like that. 
Textbook stuff by the Prof
The professor has stepped to the lectern 
Great start babayyyy
Easy start
Cyle looks good tonight. Like... REALLY good. His change-up has got some grea...
Great start. Let's plate a couple and let the professor settle in. 
Let's get em Dex! 
Looked low to me...
FWIW, Fangraphs & Brooks show it as pretty low indeed.
Damn, that looked like a strike. I'll take it. 
Dingers coming
Dongers*
Damn, nice play by Turner 
Bryant flinched
Boo
This one is gonna be a battle
"Dude, you gotta get a Dell" of the 21st century
I met a kick boxer from the Yukon who said "Dude, you're getting a Dell" in r...
Rizzo is really struggling at the plate. Kind of painful to watch. 
Honestly, though, no lefty looks good against Kershaw. 
But Rizzo has looked awful all playoffs. 
Is that guy doing the handling commercial famous?
Who hurt you Jaime Fox?
Wasn't a fan of Kris No even swinging on all three of his strikes. C'mon Kris...
Cubs need to be patient and make Kershaw work.  The more pitches he throws th...
WHY CANT WENDYS DELIVER I WANT THE TACO SALAD.... no i don't 
How do people unofficially stream games on their Android phones? 

The deskto...
Check r/mlbstreams they always have a mobile one that I use
Thank you. 
Well shit. 
Well then.
that was unfortunate
Well..... fuck.
Well, shit 
Ruh roh.
Shit. Another one that carried. 
thats not good 
Well shit
sighhh
ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡
Damn it!
1 run isn't gonna win this
It's supposed to be a pitchers duel, so it very well could.  But luckily we g...
Guys, this one may be on me.  I turned on the game at the middle of the first...
Grumble Grumble
Hendricks is leaving shit high I'm scared
Gonzalez is so fucking good. Still plenty of baseball left though
Jerk. Oh well, we'll hit a few ourselves. 
welp
Kyle smooth like butter
wow they are trying to pull a giants... 
Welp.
Cubs were going to have to score one anyways 
I hate this saying. Now we have to score 2.
But now they have to score two.  )-;
That was some nice glovework Cyle.
Really good to see Kyle field on the next play, that'll help him reset and ge...
A much better comebacker.
We got this, guys.
That 0-1 pitch is exactly what Kyle should be throwing with the zone he's get...
Well no more pressure to keep a no-no GO CUBS
Is there wind blowing out?
Shits flying tonight
**ZORILLA**
right to left i think
Is the wind blowing out?
Yes, out to left a bit, not like yesterday though
Right to left but pretty soft. 
Kyle missed his location on that breaker. 
Come on... don't walk him...
#WOOT WOOT
That should have been a change up or 2 seamer down and away, not sure why you...
Kyle and Wilson need to chat during the bottom. Low and away and low an in ar...
Is there another marlins guy behind marlins guy? 
\*\*Enhance\*\*
What the hell is it and off-the-street athlete always working at grocery stores?
I mean, it's a pretty common job for people who need a day to day wage.
Good contact though. 
Come on addy
Russell has been in a brutal slump. Doesn't look to be breaking it of of it h...
JFC, the movement on that curve is insane...
Whats the wind situation tonight?
At the game sitting in left, it's blowing out towards left lightly 
We were just talking about that. I don't know 
usually when its blowing out they make a point of mentioning it so I guess th...
Weather Underground (the website, not the activists) shows it ~ 4mph.
Fuck Seagull 
Jesus man
We keep swinging at garbage and not attacking good pitches early in the count
[deleted]
Tight as a nun 
 
Edit: Honestly its not bad I just really wanted to use that...
Mildly generous at times, in my opinion.
Little generous, but both pitchers have benefited from it. 
except now karl is getting squeezed
Did you not see strike 3 there?
big K hendricks!
You better give Karl the big strikezone too.
Woof, living on the edge Hendricks!
I'll take it. 
I really don't know about a lot of these pitches.
Get turner out!! Gonzalez with 2 men on is terrifying. Come on Kyle!!
wtf was that?
Monty for a long relief coming soon? 
does marlins man have a gf
I'm pretty sure he's divorced
looks like there's a marlins lady behind him, I'm watching an SD feed though ...
It's PFT Commenter. He's an Internet personality who works for Barstool Sport...
at first I didn't believe you [but](https://twitter.com/PFTCommenter/status/7...
[**@PFTCommenter**](https://twitter.com/PFTCommenter/)

> [2016-10-17 00:25...
Someone just needs to slap Kyle on the back of the head and tell him to calm ...
Bosio did
Come on Kyle make good fucking pitches.
Karl pls
Dat change
Lol that was not the best pitch. 
Deceptive change of speed can bail you out on bad located pitches
Why do they have two ball-people right next to the dugout? Seems unnecessary
One is probably the usual ball person employed by the team and the other is p...
Everything multiplies for the playoffs
think one is security that steps out in between innings 
Glad that's over.
Alright let's get some runs
Huge sigh of relief
STRUCK HIM OUT!!!!!
GOT HIM!!
Checkmate!
Sorry guys, I forgot to bribe the home plate umpire tonight
Wind definitely picking up to left 
Ruh roh.
Not too bad Proffesor get over the mistake and move on. Now lets get to Kershaw!
Huge out!  Hendricks working his way out of a jam.  
fucking swing
Not a good AB 
What the fuck was he looking at?
uh..did I miss something? why did he just stand there, not even taking a stance?
I sure hope willy was told to do that
Oh boy he's throwing a perfect game.
Alright he knows we're not swinging first pitch here, switch up strategy next...
He'll probably expect that.  Lots of first pitch curveballs next time through.
I wish Kershaw wasn't as good. :(
Time to go yard Kyle. 
Lol Kershaw with the huge curve in Kyle. He really takes no batter for granted. 
Probably a good idea considering how many RBIs they had in the NLDS
I agree, but when a pitcher is cruising, I think it can be easy to get a bit ...
#pitcherswhorake

C'mon, you hit that 2-RBI single Hendricks. Let's get a hom...
Everyone looks scared up there, not the best approach
We're fucked if he keeps pitching like this.
Our guys just aren't swinging. One time through the order. Everything is fine. 
My first comment was probably too reactionary, but Kershaw is a beast when he...
Wtf was that.  We trying to just reset order ?
Is it just me or is this a different camera angle than what they used in the ...
They changed the angle from the NLDS. So you're not crazy.
I think this is more like the regular season camera angle. It definitely look...
It's a different one from the NLDS. Same one from the regular season 
NLDS was straight over the pitcher and was awful
It was amazing cuz you could see the corners where the ball was. 
It is.
Same as regular, but different than NLDS
come on kyle we need more strike 1's
damn I really want an eastwood light now
Why did he make a show of taking the first two pitches? He didn't just take t...
Mind games? Idk
Did Willson miss the part where he walked 10 people all year? You gotta swing...
Gotta end this quick and start making Kershaw put in work. 
Need a quick inning from Karl here.... 
Contreras was calling those first two pitches because that's been his go to w...
Still leaving a lot of balls up in the zone. That isn't going to continue to ...
Nice catch Rizzo
Let's get som me runs!
Bryzzo 'bout to do a thing.
Lets get some runs!! 
ALRIGHT LET'S GET THIS THING ROLLING
Guys I put my lucky hat back on and Karl pitched a 1-2-3. We good now. 
**LETS GET SOME RUNS** 
We've got this. Let's get some runs boys!
[deleted]
probz
Let's get a baserunner!
Actually fuck it - let's just swing for the fences.  
Boy did they need him
Damn it.
another no swinger?
Hang one please
Clayshaw Kurtain
Foul a couple off, will ya?
Not even trying to make him work 
What's on the back of Kershaws hat?  Looks like mud or something. 
Has Kershaw seriously thrown only 35 pitches?
Damn shit
GOD DAMNIT
Oooooo fuck haha.. I thought that was gone
JFC SO CLOSE :(
#DAMN IT WHY
Crushing sadness has ensued :(
FUCK SO CLOSE
So fucking close. 
Damn, so close
Talk about blue balls. Fuck. 
God damn it. That looked so close. 
FUCCKKKK
He hung one and it hooks foul. Damn.
so close anthony :(
I wish.
Jesus thank God there's only one of him on this team 
There's only one of him anywhere 
FUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKK
Can we at least run up the count so we have a chance once they pull him?
Swallow sadness, send some faxes
Shit on Debra's desk
Good contact at least. 
Wow
Rizzo wants yard and wants it bad.  
SHIT
awww :(
Kershaw making it look real easy right now.
He's pretty good at that.
esto no me gusta
This is a load of barnacles...
I'll remind you guys...THE DODGERS ONLY HAVE ONE HIT.  So let's have a little...
What's concerning is that the Cubs haven't been close to a hit (save for the ...
Damn Rizzo got too much of that ball.
Call me ignorant, but the Dodgers hitter have been fooled way more than the C...
Eh, that's a stretch. LA has worked counts so much better than us. 
I mean both have been fooled a lot. 
Dont get too cute with it Joe
Super slo-mo Kershaw swing, my favorite
Lol Utley 
walk seager?
I'd let him pitch Seager. Maybe not AGon.
Hey, let's start swinging 
ITS A SNAKE 
Snek*
At the Hartford, we make clumsy baseball analogies.
Why do we just watch the first pitch go by??
Watching a lot of Konerko footage maybe. 
Crap on a Kershaw
So close :(
AHHHH SO CLOSE
Damn it that was well hit.
Shit. I thought that was going out.
Oh my god 
Damn it.
Kershaw is getting tired...
Kershaws a pretty ok pitcher. 
Again!
2 straight dingers last night? 
And tonite we have Kershaw folks. JUST KERSHAW ALL NIGHT THAT'S ALL WE'RE GOI...
Some very hard contact though. 
We're due one to go out...
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, again. 
Come boys get a hit lol 
About to be less than 50 through 5.
So much blue balls 
Based Baez
Javy time!
JAVY JAVY JAVY
Thank you Javy
Javy starting things as usual.
Javy stays hot
There's one!
Finally!
THANK YOU
#WE GOT A HIT 
#Based Baez!!!
And finally a hard hit ball comes in as a hit
BROKE THAT SHIT UP HELL YES LETS GO 
Based Baez
A hit!
Well, the solid contact is promising.
Finally!! 
LEAVE IT TO JAVY TO BREAK IT UP
JAVY
VIVA EL POSTSEASON STREAK
Who but
FUCK your perfect game!!!!!!!
Thank you Javy 
There it is!
Like a predator playing with their prey. Letting Kershaw know they're about t...
#FUCK YOUR NO HITTER.
Get fucked Kershaw
I love baez
MVP. MVP. MVP
#FUCK YOUR NO HITTER PERFECT GAME BULLSHIT
atta boy
#LET'S GO GET ON YOUR FEET
THERE WE GO JAVY
Thank you Baez!
Breaking up the perfect game, now let's get him home. 
I want to say they're seeing the ball better but he's thrown 3 pitches this i...
There goes the perfect game.  Next thing to go is the shutout
Baez!
2 fly balls and a base hit. great sign. redeem yourself Willy! 
#RALLY TIME
Does anyone know why they have a softball in the dugout? Is their significanc...
#WE DID IT 
There we go, Javy!  Now, let's keep it going.
Thank you, Baez!
God, I miss our regular season offense....
My balls couldnt be bluer
Send Baez? I would.
Come on Willy!
Now how to bring him home
Javy swings over the top of that last year. 
Off the schneid    Let's go Cubs! 
Perfect swing!
Huh, did Baez break a finger or something? It looks wrapped up.
He wears that big glove to protect his fingers/wrist on slides. I don't think...
You mean besides last year when he missed like six weeks with a broken finger? 
Did he? I don't remember that, but then again I'm not very good at keeping tr...
It's while he was in AAA, but it delayed his call-up to the big league club a...
Hm ok, Wasn't sure about it but I'm glad he's ok.
FINALLY!
Perfect game over.  A single hit like that can  turn the momentum in the play...
I half-expected Javy to try and turn that into a double.
That was a Charles Barkley swing by Baez
and the perfect game is finished!!!! Let's get some runs!!!!
JAVY guaranteed tries. 
There we go javy
If it bleeds...We can kill it.
Warning shot to Javy.
That...was the slowest pickoff I've ever seen.
J-hey pls
JASON DOUBLE? Please Heyward!!
Baez playing chess while everyone else is playing checkers.
FUCK YOUR ONE-HITTER
Baez is so funny
Javy and Wilson are killing it.
Two hits now! Same # as the Dodgers
That's right boys! Let's get that confidence going.
# WE'RE NOW TIED IN THE HIT COLUMN 
come on heyward time to be due
This feels like a Heyward game. 
Baez scares the shit out of me with his baserunning. My brain trusts him, but...
HERE WE GO
This would be a great spot for Heyward to make us forget about the regular se...
but no
Or...That
Get on base, can't do that balk-y pitch, suddenly we're surging? Coincidence?
God damn
One more for Kyle let's go
Come on, let's see something big!
Heyward with a 1 RBI double. He did it last night.
POP UPS HEYWARD. 
Turrible 
At least they got a couple on base 
tm
The cracks begin to show!
Alright boys, time for me to sleep, give our boys some mojo to beat up Kershaw
God dammit heyward
:/
Oh look, a shallow pop fly.
Still better than a weak grounder to 2nd.
Ah fuck 
Smoltz and the dog references lol.
That inning was over fast.
I still believe.
I never stopped
Even a God can bleed.  It's not over yet.  
Missed opportunity.

But at least we started to get to Kershaw in that inning.
fuck
I don't know if I'll be pissed or excited if Maddon pinch hits Wood again.
Ugh these damn walks. 
Did Marlins guy move?
I think this will be Kyle's last batter.

Edit: I was right. Still makes me s...
THICKBURGER
Let's go Slim Reaper!
From Karl to Carl.
CEJ will do us well. Just gotta get a run. One solo shot and we got this.
It's burger time.
FUCK YEAH. GIMME DAT D
Gonna restate, but too low for infield fly? Not that it matters just curious
I think Javy could've caught that, but it would've only resulted in 1 out.
yeah too low.  nothing dodger baserunners could do
Yes, too low
As Pat Hughes said, no one was under the ball.
That was awesome!!  Was no one covering first though? 
either that or pederson was busting ass down the line? remember a gon isn't e...
Too busy watching Javy
Remember last night when Smoltz just kept jammering on about Gonzalez stealin...
niiiiice
WAKEY WAKEY EGGS AND BAKEY BATS
Rizzo where tf were you going bro
I think he was looking for his bat
We've all been looking for it too
When the time comes I hope we lock up Javy
See Kershaw doesn't get every pitch
Praise the sun
Use that momentum!
Baez mental game is insanely strong
This ump is best friends with snoop dogg I think 
he's been so meh
Kershaw gonna pitch through the 8th at least
Though seriously he had time to throw it to first for the DP?
rizzo was waaaaaay off the bag
Rizzo came way off the bag for some reason 
Im glad it worked out, but Russell should've just thrown back to first for th...
No one covering first
I could be wrong, but I don't think that'd work. The batter was probably safe...
Rizzo was off the bag, allegedly
Should have just let cej bat lol
javywoo.gif
We gotta get Kershaw out of this game geez
he has 64 pitches...
Wtf Javy
This is not good
Argh pop outs
kershaw is going the distance i have a feeling
Yup because we'll score 2 off him in the bottom of the 8th to win
Can we stop messing around?
god damn kershaw
SOLER jersey has been put on
Strike Kershaw out!
Blargh, that was a 50/50 one right there...
Are you fucking kidding me
come on get him out
Woo!
You da real MVP Monty!
Phew, that couldve been bad.
Man, what needs to happen to get to Kershaw? He is getting calls, and he is t...
Foul off balls and hit for contact. Go deep in the count and make him pitch. ...
An ambush bomb. That seems like the only way.
#LETS GET IT GOING BOYS!!!
Rizzo. We believe. 
Rizzo, Zobrist, Russell.  Time to put up a crooked number, boys! 
Almost done completing my voodoo curse on Kershaw. 

Anybody know of a store ...
This anxiety is def good for my heart.
Keeps it pumping nice and irregularly
Rizz plz
Rizzo is due.  DOOOOOOOOOOO IT!
Why would they use that beautiful Kaleo song against me?  
I hate that these broadcasts don't show the stretch.
Let's go Rizzo, not in our house
Rizzo redemption coming up
I believe.
LET'S GO
Lolwut, Kershaw is mortal!
kershaw 28+ ERA in the 7th or later in the playoffs, lets fuckin get him
Here we go. He is mortal. 
heck yes
Here we GOOOOOOOOOOOO
ADDI HR INCOMING AFTER ZO
Leave him in Dave!
Ruh roh. Wheels are rattling on Kershaw.
Roberts has gotta pull him right? 28 ERA after 7 innings???
There we go.  Nice eye Rizz
Zobrist is gonna break Kershaw here. 
7th inning BS is aliiiiive
Noice
Zobrist hits it out or hits is off the wall. Hes been inching closer. 
Please let this be the end of the reign of terror.
COME ON ZO!!!!
ZOBRIST TAKE OUR ENERGY
kershaw is gassed
Baaaaallll 4. Baaaaallll 4!
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII FEEEELLL ALLIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIVE
ZBO Whack One!!!!!
Here we go boys. He's getting nervous. I think Zo's got something for us.
HERE WE GO BOYS AND GIRLS!!
hahahahaha
lol 
why the fuck are you swinging at the first pitch anyways...
Here we go, boys.
that could loom huuuuuuge
#OH SHIT
MAKE THEM PAY FOR THEIR SINS
WOWOWOW
Not so much that I mind that Joe Buck talks about how great Kershaw is just t...
wow. Just. wow
That's the turning point. Here we come!
Make him pay!!! Kershaw ain't happy
Whew
Fuck yeah
WOW.   Thank you defensive guys for that muck up.

Now....Why is Zobrist not ...
That missed pop up is going to be huge, mark my words.  
WE NEED TO SCORE NOWWWWW
Okay, capitalize now!
Lol Kershaw's reaction.
That's a big break. Gotta take advantage

Was Kershaw laughing at Grandal?
Dear Cubs fans at Wrigley: Don't chant Kershaw's name. You'll just make him m...
That was a good pitch :/
OUTSIDE MFER
Break out of your slump addi!!!
Put the ball in play please :)
I like the way you think.
Time for Russell to break out 
Pooop
Lol why are you switching?
well i guess its up to baez now
Addy...
Boys are struggling out there
Don't squander this, cubbies!
Jeez, one run is all I ask.
Get the fuck outta here Kershaw! 
Just letting Javy jam out to his tunes.
Baez will save us. He always does 
Make him regret not forcing him out!
Suffice it to say, I am hoping for extreme dongage
Get him Javy!
Javy will be swinging in hero mode and I won't have it any other way.
Hope Baez goes deep and everyone starts questioning Roberts. 
Punish him for this, Baez
I hope Javy will make the Dodgers regret not taking Kershaw out of the game.
Russell man. Come on.
That pitch has been inconsistent BOTH ways I have no idea if it's a strike or...
Come on Javy. Do it.
C'mon Baez. Make him eat his hubris. 
Baez please.
Javy pls
christ kershaw, calm down
Damnit! So close!
FUCK
Come the FUCK on!!! 
FUUUUUUUCCCCCKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!
Fuckkkkkkkkkk :(
Lucky break
Take me now, Lord
Fuck
javy why you gotta hop like that and get my hopes up...
really fucking annoying
We gotta take this game!
God damn it. If BABIP was on our side we could easily be winning, we've had t...
Fuck. I dont want 1-1 in LA. let's fucking go
What can we do about our horrendous 4,5,6 spot?
It's surreal how bad Russell and Rizzo have been. Especially Russell.
meh
Just yelled fuck so loud
Hats to the left, everyone. 
Hahaha got a bit away from him there. 
Da fuck was dat
whoa-kay strop let's not overthrow
Uh oh. Little wild here...:/
get him out NOW 
god dammit strop

why can't it be easy
[deleted]
Nope, you're good. 
Where's that guy with the pants
Fucking Strop. Ugh - he's just not looked sharp for a while.
get Strop the fuck out of here man
Damnit Pedro...
God damn it
Thanks for the DP!
Yay
phew
FUCK YES
Such a casual double play. 
instant boner
Well that worked out well.
All part of the plan
Yes dp
8TH INNING HERE WE GO!!
We got this fam!
Let's go boys, gotta get it going here
LIBS
lol willson
No Kershaw. Post season baseball is awesome! Go Cubs! We got this.
Time for late game evening inning magic!! 
Well, fuck a butt
Rally blanket is engaged, 1-1 with it so far.
What is up with Contreras? He has been off balance all night
Kershaw. Jansen.
I get that but he has hit against really good pitchers before and not looked ...
Willson acts like he doesn't want to hit
He's just that zoned in
Son of a bitch. I don't like this. 
Sigh.
Let's rally here 
The crowd jumps at anything hit in the air... lol
In this case, I can understand- they want to celebrate anything.
I have a feeling Miggy will do something
I'm feeling another grand slam for miggy
I'm not sure you understand how grand slams work...
lol well
One good thing about watching the game at a bar....  I can drink heavily! 
Please God. This game has been... something.
fuck fuck fuck fuck
The "walk" game. 
That play looked like there was a magnet on second base.
Lil bit of an "oh shit" run to get to second
Keep it up! 
YasieLOL
...what just happened?
Cubs defense trolling again.
Good fuck Puig
time for some more late inning heroics
Wha...was that supposed to be a bunt? Good lord
Alright, let's gets some runs!
Who names their cat Debra 
Thats what i was thinking
Yea, totally ruined the commercial for me.
Rally time PLEASE !!!!!!
We need a hero. http://youtu.be/OBwS66EBUcY
We bout to win.
#clench
[deleted]
He bunt popped out to Chapman with 2 out
How is Greinke relevant right now?
Slightly off topic, but the speed of this game probably means that Rob Manfre...
DEXTER THE SEXTER LETS DO THIS
Come on Cubbies!!
Rizzo's an auto out so up to you KB
this ump man. wow. 
WHAT THE FUCKKK UMP
What the *FUCK*
Screw you, Blue.
WHAT????
Swinging for the fences there
Are you fucking kidding me ump!!?!?!
Well we have no chance if you give them that shit.
Russell still starting and batting 5th like he's the coaches son on your litt...
you could say the same about Rizzo...
And Heyward
Rizzo hit nearly .300 this season. Addison barely hit .260
Because BA is the best metric to evaluate offense
Pick a metric. Anthony thumped Addison in it. 
Wow, fuck Kershaw.  Somebody's pissed they nearly got taken yard.
He didn't throw at his head on purpose dumbass. 
I'm not complaining but that's a purpose pitch 
How often does Kershaw miss 
Fuck. Clayton is going to go for 9 innings, isn't he. 
At this point he could go 12 if necessary. Cubs are screwed with his pitch co...
Nope because we still have  5 innings where we can tag him
FUCK. THIS. UMP.
Eh, it was a strike
Wut? Dude cmon. It was like not even close. 
That was 100% a strike.
3 up, 3 down 8th. What a shame. 
A little premature
What are you talking about? I'm on commercials, bro. 
You were not more than a minute faster than cable
DFA Kyle. I'm fucking done with his shitty pitching. Inducing weak contact do...
Name checks out
For those downvoting, see his username
I really wanna know the cumulative negative karma this account gets.
I'm at +620 karma right now
Huh, not shabby!
Name checks out 
Joe Buck likes players on both teams, who cares?
No, Joe buck hates everyone on whatever team you root for. It's a proven science
Finished a bottle of wine and now I'm eating sushi. RIP my stomach in the mor...
Wanna trade? Eating Little Caesars and drinking Miller High Life.
What an odd combo for a ball game.
Girlfriend is away had to resort to ordering food and was craving sushi... I ...
Even with the context, ordering pizza and not taking my beer cans to the recy...
Bleachers are gonna go apeshit when Rizzo hits a 2 run dinger this inning.
NO HITTER ALERT
PERFECT GAME ALERT
Oh, but for the record, this Cruze hatchback is good looking. Drop a turbo an...
I think it looks good too, but maybe a little too close to the Hyundai Elantr...
This will be Hendricks last inning. Joe should have Almora pinch hit and then...
My dad: "It'a like a Kershaw love fest."
you still watch that horse shit FS1 pre game? gotta watch the CSN Cubs Postse...
I don't have that ability down here in Texas. ðŸ˜­ðŸ˜­ðŸ˜­
ah didn't think of that. damn that sucks... either way GO CUBS 
Anyone who thinks Kershaw isn't the best in the game is a moron.
It's not even controversial to say 
I actually kind of like Joe Buck as a baseball commentator now. I can't watch...
Can't wait for tonight's game to give us tomorrow's shit posts. 
Did any one else Hendricks!?! Omg!
#hey Chicago, whaddya say?
Cubs are gonna win today!
Bryant is going to go yard today? 
Rizzo comes back to form today
REDEFINING WHAT IT MEANS TO BE A MAN
My God Kyle. Get your shit together.
Ariana hnnnggggggggg.
Guess Kershaw is gonna go for a no hitter here
SEXY DEXY > SEXY REXY
It's a good play to almost drill Rizzo with a pitch? Who are these announcers?
Only 40 pitches. He's good for both the complete game as well as game 5.
Candyman. Perfect Game. Macbeth. Good luck.11 outs to go.
For the record, that totally effing worked.
It worked!
Pitch count by batter for this inning:  3, 2, 2, 2, 2. Guys, we need to eat p...
Hell, with this pinch count he may well go game 4.
He hasn't thrown balls. If you try taking pitches you end up down in the coun...
This at bat coming up scares me
#I HATE JOE BUCK MORE THAN I HATE THE CARDINALS
There's no difference 
Edwards might as well have gotten a shot. Hate wasted pinch hits 
Our bats are cold as fuck right now.
It's fucking kershaw
I mean, we are facing the best pitcher in baseball. 
That's Hendricks. Kershaw has not been historically great in the postseason. 
Yeah, but he's been the best pitcher in baseball for a while now. I don't buy...
Except you can see the difference in ERA. 
It's a very different sample size. If a guy can be the best pitcher in baseba...
I guess ignoring statistics and facts is the best line of thought to have. 
That's not ignoring statistics or facts at all. That's looking at lifetime st...
Rizzo and Russell are 2-44. That's unspeakably bad
It's bad, but tonight we faced a tough pitcher and that's all there is to it. 
So when's that improbable Cubs magic gonna come through
Bottom of the 12th.
Damn Addi has had a rough postseason :(
Yeah, he just seems a little lost.  Late to cover there.  Didn't realize Gonz...
iirc he was struggling over the last month of the season also
that's being very kind
He's been really bad. 
Are you fucking kidding me?
Oh heyward.  You so weak.  
He hit a lead off triple *last night*
Softest hitter in the entire league. 
#PANIC
Baez, Bryant and Zobrist are literally the only batters I can trust this post...
I think you literally haven't watched a single game this post season. 
Rizzo only has one hit...I feel like I  trust Contrares more than him right now.
Uh Rizzo has been dogshit
How can you trust Rizzo he has one hit? Heyward has more hits than him. 
Even though Baez hit a home run that won us a game. Miggy with the grandslam ...
I would probably trust Jake Arrieta at the plate more right now than Rizzo.  
Rizzo?
You must be new here
Um. Rizzo?
...
Rizzo....? Trust him to do what?
I trust him to wake up soon...
[deleted]
You don't say that you son of a bitch
HEY GUYS IS THIS A NO HITTER?!
I THINK IT'S A **PERFECT GAME**
WOW A PERFECT GAME THAT IS CRAZY
YEAH IT'S NOT TOO OFTEN YOU SEE A 

#PERFECT GAME
IT'S A PERFECT GAME
9 pitch inning. Guys, eat some damn pitches! 
Pinch hit with Soler please.
Like what happened between 2015 regular season and 2016 regular season? Did h...
wouldn't be surprised if he hurt his wrist, tried to play through it and utte...
Oh no, the offense has flatlined.
Is it me or does this Cubs team not play well on Sundays 
The walk off bunt was a Sunday. Id be ok with that.
Actually if you look at the year we suck at saturday.
he was out?
No
Nope
I wanna make a baseball league where every game has weird rules. Like no outs...
Whatever you are drinking stop.  
We've got 7 more years of Heyward at bats to watch. Hooray!
Hopefully they make an error so it's not a perfect game.
I did not miss you
Or, ya know, we score some runs? 
I'm sorry I just don't see how you can start heyward in this game. It's liter...
That's patently false.
What this thread will tell you is that his defense is too good to have on the...
the sample size of playoff stats is laughable.
Then look at his 2016 regular season stats
Remember Ross last year? Joe's willing to give up hitting for defense.
Ross is a better hitter than heyward batting against a lefty, especially kers...
Like wtf it's just straight fastballs. 
Those are anything but straight 
Cutters. He throws cutters.
Wow only pete rose picked us to beat the cubs!
You mean beat the dodgers... right?
Hey guys, did you know Kershaw gets every pitch and Kyle gets zero calls????

/s
I feel like the first inning strike zone was like adult league... everything ...
so...gonna swing this time or stand there like an idiot again? 
Fuck, can't waste chances like that.

Might have been our best chance to score.
I'm getting sick of joe fuck
Wow, no faith.
For?
I can't fault him for not coming through against Kershaw, but Heyward **never...
He's saving himself for the world series. ^i ^hope
Sorry, you must have missed the game last night. I'm pretty sure he tripled l...
Christ he hit a lead off triple **LAST NIGHT**
And about a million soft rollers to 2nd before that. 
Then you must not pay close attention to the games. 
Lol you're right. That one triple erased an extremely dissappointing season w...
Had a triple last night 
Just like his triple yesterday, right?
He hit a key triple yesterday.
I swear to fucking god anyone named Gonzalez is a god damned curse on us.
You can't leave something that far out over the plate Kyle... Gotta keep it i...
yuck
That really was a wasted at bat.. 
Kershaw is so good...
I'm sure Maddon has something up his sleeve but these past couple at bats hav...
Hey guys, that was where Kyles was and it was a ball. 

Now quit yo bitching. 
PERFECT GAME
Why aren't we swinging at more first pitches? He's throwing mad strikes. 
He's thrown 50 pitches. 50.
Cuz we're looking at strikes all day. 
It's called looking at the weather forecast dumbass. That's how you know it'l...
Leave him in. 
We basically have to win every single game this series in which Kershaw doesn...
Too many ins
To hear Dodgers fans talk, Kershaw's going to pitch every game they play from...
We can still win this one that he is pitching.
No way Jason gets this at bat if it makes it to him
dafaq does that have to do with anything?
Zobrist wants to go home and bathe in his money
"Get the fuck off my mound!" Kershaw probably 
We live and die by the long ball
[removed]
[deleted]
To be fair, so did Pat
Any wind blowing out it was gone
Probably anywhere else to the outfield and it woulda gone out without wind.
What's with the Bullpen getting out of the way? 
All or nothing time. With a runner on third and less than two outs, I saw loa...
That sounds like a great idea 
That hit off the plate!!
Kind of looked like it did
The plate is in fair territory.
So
Moving forward do you trust Contreres at left field?  Having him in the lineu...
Not gonna happen
I would do this in a heartbeat
This team is awful
fuck off 
Look at the username everyone, lol
Fuck off.
Living up to the name
Check year

Cubs win 103

In NLCS

team is awful

wot
username checks out
[deleted]
Ah shit I missed the username and didn't realize it was ironic. I feel bad now.
FUCK HENDRICKS!!! TAKE A DEEP BREATH!!!
God fucking damnit this strike zone is whack 
No it's not Jesus Christ. 
Come on it's big especially low
Does size matter?
To an extent I'd argue yeah especially early in games. Pitchers are creatures...
Dude I was making a penis joke. 
Should've pinch hit for heyward
Just bench him next game. This is unreal. 
A special message for Kyle Hendricks: Throw. Better. Pitches.

*what you were...
Well this game has been pathetic.
Dodgers: 1 run, 1 hit
 
Cubs: 0 runs, 0 hits.
 
Really not that bad... 
Hendricks is a mess
Dex single. Bryant slow grounder to third F.C., Fowler to 2nd. Rizzo doubles ...
Nope
im gonna get down voted to shit but maybe hit hit him in the knee on accident...
I can neither confirm or deny I support that. 
>im gonna get down voted to shit


Yup. You are.
lol i was totally kidding just bored by myself watching this game.. 
Is there a point where its ok to pull russel or rizzo?
As he gets a nice call

Edit: meant to reply below. Fuck it leaving it here. 
The defense is just too good at short to take him out. He will heat up. 
Yeah, when they get injured 
Rizzo? No. 
you can never pull anthony rizzo
Rizzo no, Russell absolutely
If you wanna make our defense a lot shittier at the expense of *maybe* more o...
Addison, yes. Javy can play SS. Rizzo, absolutely not?
The defense as a whole is worse with Addison off the field. Regardless of jav...
I was thinking Contreras in left, but still you make a really good point. You...
[deleted]
Are you a baseball fan or a Cubs fan? Idk about you but I'd rather see the Cu...
Thanks guy, you jinxed it.
Jesus Christ 
Goddamn Karl, get it together.
God damn. 
Goddamn Heyward is starting to remind me of Michael Tucker up there.
you know they are in love with him when they turn that video package for this...
Wonder if Joe would consider starting Javy at SS, BenZo at 2B, and Soler in LF
Lol why
Contreras in left 
Soler is no better than Addy at the plate 
0-5, only one start. Part of it too though is I feel a bit on edge with BenZo...
Why didn't their manager take him out?! I wanted to get to their bullpen! 
it's gonna be jansen for the rest of the way i bet
[deleted]
When it looks like he crushes a ball and gets good extension it only goes hal...
[deleted]
only if they can't fix his swing in the offseason.  His defense has been top ...
I was at the game yesterday. Told my dad as we were leaving after the game ho...
Sick brag. 
Good to see you have ANY faith in this team at all and have been ignoring how...
Dr I know you've been watching the playoffs so I'd like to remind you we've p...
he's black thats why 
You're just on fire today with your "jokes" aren't you 
I know I'll get shat in for it, and I may regret saying it but...Kershaw to J...
It's time to sit Russell and Heyward.   They are a black hole right now.   I ...
I wouldn't say now is exactly the time to start experimenting, but what do I ...
well their defense really won't be worth it in the bottom of the 9th
Would have been hilarious if they both blew out a shoulder doing that stupid ...
naw let's not wish for people to get hurt
Oh fine. 
kershaw is pitching ten pitches an inning, this isn't going well
The whole order in 31 pitches lmao. I know it's Kershaw and offense has been ...
Fuck... Not even 4 pitches per batter faced.
Wow that fucking kershaw circle jerk video
We have never been able to touch Jansen. Even 1 run is a tall task.
Cubs are responsible for one of his blown saves this year 
BELIEVE OR LEAVE!
BELEAVE 
Two runs against best closer in world please.
Holy shit when did the Dodgers get Zach Britton?
We're not facing the best closer
Nah, Britton is better.
Zobrist is weak...
Is Ken Rosenthal's voice annoying for anyone else?  I can't figure out whethe...
those bow ties represent charities or have something to do with charity work ...
That's fair - never said he was a bad guy, just not a fan.  Good on him though.
hooooooly cow this is terrible
Heyward you fuck 
Like the rest of the team has just been going yard all night.
I'm done with Addison. I don't care that he's good at defense. So is Javy.
Game was over when Heyward popped up. Absolutely have to win every non Kersha...
Didn't realize Kershaw is starting three more games this series...
Dude. Top of the order is up. 
Well I'll give you this much you've been consistently the most negative perso...
lol, doom and gloom much?
Even if we make it to the World Series we won't win it with our offense perfo...
I'd be happy if you never posted in this subreddit again
Because the team is doing bad and I pointed it out?
Should we just be happily...
Because you're being a downer for no reason when we aren't even doing too bad. 
Our top four going 0/17 isn't bad? Being no hit through half the game (was it...
Not pinch hitting for Heyward there is one of the biggest mistakes of Maddon'...
I'm flaired up for Baeward, but I think you are right. I know his defense is ...
Relax 
this comment is a mistake
no it isnt
We are so fucked. Kershaw is on point and the ump is doing us no favors
Go away.
3 innings...it has been only 3 innings.
Game over, rebuild, trade Kane...shit wrong sub.
still think we should bean him.. lol 
Yeah, I'm sure a bruise on his thigh is gonna change a lot
So the Dodgers bean Baez? Why would you want to start that shit? 
Perhaps you shouldn't "think", as you put it, so much.
This is the Chicago Cubs, not the St. Louis Cubs 
dont be that guy
No lol
remember me saying this when he pitches the rest of the series hahahahahaha 
I don't think you know how baseball works 
it was a joke everyone.... damn y'all butts are tight tonight 
It was a joke but a really shitty one Â¯\\\_(ãƒ„)_/Â¯ 
/r/buccos is that way------->
That would be dumb.
its a joke... sense of humor.... yeahhhhhhh
 - - Pittsburgh Pirates
Adrian's got a great chance to go deep here. Get Montgomery up two batters ago.
What happened to bring positive? Are you not watching this team? 
Damn, havn't been in a GDT thread in awhile and Dr. Claw is being a negative ...
Cowards need to throw the fucking ball over the plate.
lol
Fowler let Jason take that one next time
heyward would have had to slightly turn, dexter made more sense
Fowler is in a much better position to make that throw. 100% Dex's ball.
Fowler had a better position.  Heyward moving to his right when he throws wit...
[removed]
Didn't you quit on the team last series?
Yo chill the fuck out. It's one game, that's not even over yet
I'm gonna go out on a limb and say Soler wouldn't have hit well
K dude. Very nice of you to continually repeat this.
Every non Kershaw? He's only starting 2 games 
He'll pitch in at least three.
He's not starting 3. And he'll only pitch in 3 if it goes 7 
We have to win five games. That's how best of seven series works. Just like h...
Remind me how Soler hits curveballs? You know who throws a filthy curveballs?...
OMFG it's GAME 2.

Jesus tapdancing Christ! Did you seriously put all your ho...
Kind of.
Damn its game 2 of a 7 game series. Chill.
not to sounds negative but I still am suspect with Hendricks. He had a great ...
You don't need high velocity to be a great pitcher.  You can compensate with ...
I think we will go to the pen early. It's been working so far why not again t...
FOH
Yeah the best approach to supporting the team and following a Cy Young conten...
Kershaw to Jansen: Baseball's Stockton to Malone.

Take note, Aroldis Chapman...
Can we get back last night's Dr claw? He was far more bearable. 
The Bulls beat the hell out of Stockton to Malone a while back, the Cubs can ...
Must. Resist. Urge. To. Downvote.
Fuck it.  I did.
