A quick reminder to use the report button if any trolls show up again.
How many have seen the banhammer so far?
Only 3 tonight so far.
I haven't been able to spend much time in the game threads lately. Has it rea...
Yes.
Snitches get stitches
pin plz
I'm having a problem with some person called u/Tjagra ....
Yeah, what a tool!?! And how he dislikes reposted videos? Pfft ^:P
will u make them pay the troll toll
There's this dude u/sparx7 you guys keep letting in here....
I didnt do anything.
Imposter!  Who keeps making these alts of me?
[Shhhhh.](http://img.memecdn.com/there-can-only-be-one-i-imposter_o_3125787.jpg)
I'd like to report John Smoltz
Just what we needed!!
What a great win. Sleeping good tonight!
And W
W flag is already flying on the porch. #LETSGO
H'ray!!!!!! 
Yeah, that was a fun one. Let's do that again tomorrow. 
And then ANOTHA ONE
#W
HUZZAH.

LET'S FLY THE W TWO MORE TIMES
SIX MORE TIMES!
Give it to me Steve Goodman
news of our demise was greatly exaggerated 
I have such a hard time listening to Pete Rose speak about baseball while kee...
Not tonight, Eddie Vedder.

STEVE GOODMAN TONIGHT!

https://www.youtube.com/w...
FUCK YESSSSSSSS! FLY THE FUCKING W!
GO CUBS GO!
"presented by lethal weapon." YOU MEAN SZCZUR'S BAT?!
YEAH BABY BRING IT BACK TO CHICAGO!!! 
This series will see Wrigley again!!!!
Win 6 more games to become history 
W
Go Cubs Go!!!
SOLID WIN GUYS. FLY THAT W!
Break out the thing!
So now this becomes a 3 game series. 2 wins to go!!
Damn that felt good
WELCOME BACK BATS!
THE SERIES IS TIED! ALL OF MY FAVORITE PEOPLE I'M GLAD YOU WERE HERE TO CELEB...
#FlyTheW
Is Joe Buck aware that there are 49 other players on the rosters between thes...
FLY IT!!!!
#W
8700 comments. Holy fucking shit
TWO - TWO BABY!!! GAME SIX GUARANTEED!!!
Fly the W
AND IT'S ALL TIED UP

TIME TO WIN GAME 5 AND CLINCH IN WRIGLEY
#W!
/u/american_soviet you get the thing. 
W
#W
#W
Holy shit. So loud in there of cubs fans. 
W for the good guys.
#the night of THE BAT
Cubs win! Cubs win!

Tie series baby!!!!
#FLY THE W
#W
SHOW ME THE THING
https://gfycat.com/FakeAmusingAfricanmolesnake
I MISSED YOU THING
#[ W ]
Alright!
\#FlyTheW
CUBS WIN!!!!!!
CUBS WIN!!
I hope they keep talking about Kershaw.  Please.  
#W
W
W!
It's really happening. We're fully in this series again. I'm crying
CUBS WIN! CUBS WIN! CUBS WIN!
OH BABY!
those Blues Brothers tho
#I AIN'T AFRAID OF NO GOATS. GOODNIGHT YOU BEAUTIFUL BASTARDS. 
Well, boyos, a hell of a game. Here's hoping the bats stay awake tomorrow.

#...
I feel it's too early to display the W.  Agree/Disagree?
Agree.  Never fly before final out. 
#BILLY GOAT CURSE TRAGIC #: 2

#DESTINY MAGIC #: 6

FUCK THE DODGERS

#[AVENG...
With Lester going tomorrow, he should be good for Game 1 of WS if they get th...
Should be. Unless he has to pitch relief  in game 7.
NO GUY IN STANDS, DON'T HOLD THE FLAG YET!
Same reaction here
That fucking idiot
Glad to see the Blues Brothers could make an appearance in the stands tonight.
Holy shit. Those Blues Brothers guys!
Do you think Aaron Rodgers is getting jealous with how much Buck is talking a...
As a packers fan, yes. 
Ew
#1 More
I stand corrected! Still slurping off Kershaw even more! 
What was Chapman throwing in the bullpen? It looked like a black baseball
It's a weighted ball.
Weighted training ball
I think that's a weighted practice ball.

A medicine ball, aka a ball that's heavier than a regular baseball to add vel...
Okay that's what I was thinking. Just never seen a medicine ball that small haha
The ones we used in middle school were tennis balls slit open with a bunch of...
Wow...I'm fucking drunk. Obligatory I love you all post.
right there with you
Enough love for everyone tonight!
I LOVE YOU MORE
SAME
Everyone talking about using Kershaw on short rest for game 5 is a damn idiot...
I agree 100%. Game 6 is much more important no matter the outcome of tomorrow.
Logic checks out.
Kershaw vs Hendricks Game 6 to advance Cubs to World Series is 2spooky4me
Soooo much like the guy in r/baseball found out r/mlb sucks, I just found out...
Welcome aboard!
oh my god their gdt only has 27 comments.
It's so weird to me that they try to keep that going. The game thread has 27 ...
Yeah, just like the guy in r/baseball I just assumed reddit wasn't big on bas...
Welcome buddy!
Welcome aboard! Grab a flair and come cheer with us
Let's finish this. For everyone who stayed up late and for everyone who calle...
[deleted]
You are just salty you are one of them
I'm drunk on MalÃ¶rt. It wasn't easy, but 8 oz. later, here I am.

Edit : and ...
[mood](http://i.imgur.com/BUKyI9u.gifv)    
That million dollar smile ðŸ˜
Thousand yard stares in the Dodgers dugout.  
I knew it! I knew Buck would somehow suck off Kershaw one more time before th...
He's the Brett Favre of baseball
I'm predicting it'll happen every remaining game this postseason, even when d...
Oh Javy
You're so fine
You blow my mind
HEY JAVY
Hey Javy
Javy, GET YOUR BODY BEHIND THE BALL!
NOOOO ITS ALL FALLING APART /s
Four Dodgers relievers threw 20+ pitches in this game. 

Wood: 32; Baez: 27; ...
I'm good with that
I think they want 5+ out of him. Blanton, Dayton, Jansen for 12 outs. 
So get him early. He's kept in too long, we get a crazy huge lead. Boom.
Don't give me this "o'le" bullshit!
Sexy double play to end it plz
[me irl after this game](https://gfycat.com/FrenchNaughtyBarnswallow)
That was a weird fucking bounce. Oh well.
Damn, tough hop there
Whoa dat hop
I miss seeing Rondon in the 9th
So many fans gone... Love it!
Did Buck say Ryan Sandberg?
Hard to pronounce things correctly with Clayton's dick in his mouth. 
Can confirm
It's RYNE! ryne ryne ryne ryne. :P
You know who deserves to be commentating this? 

Vin Scully. 

The Dodgers no...
I'd be OK with this. Him and Len should call it.
That would be amazing.
They offered him to do it, and he turned it down 
How I wish he hadn't. 
I don't understand why he'd retire before the postseason
TV guys don't do post season games.
Oops. Didn't realize
He did their radio, too, so he could have done that if he wanted.
When it's time, it's time. 
He said it was because he didn't want to say goodbye a million times. He want...
#K
Grace and Sandburg? WHAT YEAR IS IT?!
My entire childhood 

:)
Same here, bro. Same here
lol at the angery dodgers fan behind the plate 
Both Rizzo and Addie with 3 hits tonight, a very good sign 
**heKtor**
We fucked the DH and the Closer. Beautiful
and I cannot fuck anyone. What is wrong with this world?
Thankfully I have the day off tomorrow so I can sleep in.  
why do the indians have the home advantage for the series?

edit: 

>because ...
All Star Game
AL won the all star game.
All star game
AL won the All Star game
AL won the Allstar game. Stupid fucking rule
Wow. Yeah, that is fuckin stupid
#THE FUCKING ALL STAR GAME BECAUSE WHY THE FUCK NOT
Because of knee jerk decisions by Bud Selig.
The realest answer
But but but it has to mean somwthing!
Truer words have not been spoken.  
Because the AL won the All-Star game.
Don't everybody answer at once.
AL won the all-star game. 
The AL won the All-Star game
AL won the all star game 
AL won the All Star game.


All Star Game
Because the all star game is dumb and decides that :/
Because the all star game rule is retarded. 
So when the Cubs sweep, they do it at home. 
i like this answer
AL ALL STAR GAME
Well, it looks like I'm done doing shots-for-runs. There were times when I th...
I'm about to finish my beers for runs
We'll have to do "drinks for runs" for game 5. I'll see you then.
I'll see you there.
#RONDON
Worth staying up past midnight, lets put this one to bed.
So Skip leaves ESPN and copies his show on FS? 
Yup seems like it
Yeah, so dumb, but what else is he going to do? He doesn't know enough about ...
these skip and shannon commericals are gonna drive me to drink even more than...
Ok. So I'm pretty sure I've caught up on my shotguns... There are 6 beer cans...
The baseball gods thank you for the sacrifice of your liver.

Rest and prepar...
I will do what is necessary.
3 more outs and I can finally get some food 
Lackey shows up drunk 5 minutes before game time with his 02 ring on his dick...
That's a lot of touchdowns.
This threw me into a coughing fit. So it was perfection. 

Thank you. 
Kyle comes back in the lineup, fucking furious from the last few games and hi...
As scared as I am to see this, I REALLY want to see this.
Remind me! 6 hours
I have this theory that the postseason has been a microcosm of our regular se...
I'm on board
Hope you are feeling better. 
I'm highly medicated, so if I keep that up, I'll be good! Thank you for askin...
I'm OOTL, what happened?
Oh nothing serious! I just left work early Monday and was off last night beca...
Drink some beer. Usually helps
Look what the cat dragged in
You know you missed me :)
Get well, Lawless. We need you.
Well nap through the pregame. It will just make you angry. 
All I was reading on this sub today was "Bench Rizzo and Russell"

Fuckers ne...
People who think great players are no longer great players because of any six...
Anyone who said to bench Rizzo is a moron. 
If the Cubs were down, and Rizzo was 0-3 or 0-4 in the eighth inning, I would...
Yeah, people on this sub can be ridiculous.
Too hot for their own takes. 
Or Russell TBH
I'm glad he got it together but yea, they need his glove in there. 
#Hey CHICAGO WHADDYA SAY
HEY CUBS WHATCHA GONNA DO? WHATCHA GONNA DO, MAKE OUR DREAMS COME TRUE!
##CUBS ARE GOING TO WIN TODAY##
They're singing Go Cubs Go
They sure are. 
John Lackey didn't come to Chicago to get a haircut. He came for games JUST L...
BIG GAME JOHN BABY
Just tap it in. 
I really do drive up to Chicago just for haircuts. 
I'M SO GODDAMN STRESSED OUT HOLY SHIT 
Me too!! My Jets and Bears are literally unwatchable this year, and the Cubbi...
I have some essential oils you can huff on to ease the stress 
Most people just call it glue
May turn into a sticky situation.
Amateurs. I call it *Elmer's Escape*
$6 all you can eat wing night? Check  
$8.50 pitchers? Check  
Fuck You Lineu...
Can I come?
Heck yes!
$6 all you can eat? Where is this magical oasis? 
I moved to Denver last October and found this place called Pub on Penn. $6 al...
Update: I won with 32 wings, the Cubs won, and we had sex. It was written, it...
This man is living the dream 
There's a bar in DeKalb, Illinois that has amazing wings and $3 anything in t...
You're a beast!!!
Joe Maddon is a thinker and planner and everything is falling in place for hi...
"A millimeter of an inch"

What the actual fuck. You can't go mixing metric a...
Well, you *kinda* can, right? What he said is just a really stupid way of say...
You can if you're an idiot.
I want Lackey to motivate this team and get them going by killing a man in co...
What method of murder would he use?
only if he still gets to finish out the postseason
Hernandez seems like a good candidate
I like seeing him screaming. I need to see some fire from this team.
That man might be Angel Hernandez

Edit: if Lackey doesn't do it, I might
Russell and Rizzo homered tonight.

There's a phrase I never thought I would ...
[My view tonight](http://imgur.com/6yA4qXw) I drove 6 hours from Phoenix righ...
so beautiful. in lieu of allowed W (or any other) signs, maybe paint your thu...
lol I snuck in a 5x3 flag 
I was there last night. It was a long drive back to Yuma.
I was thinking about doing the same for the game tomorrow. Here's hoping you ...
I hope you get many Cubs dongs from that spot!
I hope you get slapped in the face by a million Cub dongs.
If only there was an opportunity for him to get a grandpa dong in his hands :/
I like the new relaxed atmosphere here, it only took us scoring 10 runs to ma...
Just wait until tomorrow when we haven't scored in the first 2 innings
If that happens then we might as well fire everyone and start from scratch
After being shut out in back to back games, I think that being on edge is und...
Who would of thought?
when you're winning by a lot, it cures a lot of problems. true in the clubhou...
Haven't pooped in awhile too. Cured the diarrhea. Must've just been stress 
I pooped earlier, fixed my back-up for the last 2 days, and then Rizzo hits a...
Such a massive difference. We are embarrassing the Doggies more than they emb...
NO FUCK EVERYTHING TRADE EVERYONE FIRE THEO BURN MADDON
Toss Lawless off a bridge
TIME FOR A FIRE SALE
OH MY GOD IT'S A FIRE......sale
EVACUATE THE WOMEN AND CHILDREN
Meds are kicking in
Giants fan, I come in peace. Please Cubs win this series then beat Cleveland....
I hope Joe Buck has young children. I'm going to find them and tell them Sant...
Okay Cubs fans, so I'm totally out of the Lucky Lentils that I was cooking an...
Can you wait to poop them out till game time tomorrow?
have em ready and if a dodger hits a big one pop a piece of lentil so it come...
rofl well I think it works better if I go eat em in my tiny kitchen
well when you see the hit i hope you make a good break for it
Just let me know when.
How do you feel about Lucky Lentils being on the menu for the rest of the week?
It's cool. I can dig it. I'll have to go out and buy some more.
Go buy more and eat what you have left on your way there/back.
I can't go out now. It's dark and unsafe.
Where do you live I'll drive you.
Haha, I'm way, way far from Chicago.
I'm in north carolina so me too :P
You are? Where?
Asheville
Ohh okay. Wow, huh!
Just have them on hand anytime we have RISP or the Dodgers have RISP.
Alright. Now they won't work right away and I do only have like a couple mout...
Yep, timing is key.
Only jam we got is the Space Jam, everybody get up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9FImc2LOr8
I'm going to need you to eat Lucky Lentils for the rest of this series. 
Well I'm totally out so I'll have to buy some.
I see you Shill
:) hey hey!
Now play the Pederson comments.
lol
Can't on live tv
Can't even play that shit on HBO
Eh, it's after 10pm cst and technically this is cable...
"if he can connect he can make it a five run game" get the fuck out of here y...
?? Of course that's relevant commentary, he's explaining the stakes of the at...
That statement is typically reserved for a potential game-tying or lead-takin...
And as soon as he said that, the inning was over
I currently have them on mute. I can tell what's going on better when they're...
That's fan talk...

"Fuckin', if he connects here, he can make it a five-run ...
Lol right.  If they can just get 2 grand slams that's only 6 base runners and...
I caught that too. One if the dumbest things I have ever heard on tv.
As a White Sox fan just wanted to say good luck, Cubs. Don't stop believing. 
Thank you ChicagBro!
You got this. Make it happen my Cubbie brother from another mother. 
We won't.

It will get a lot harder to if we go down tonight, but for now- I ...
Buck: "mmmm kershaw.... mmm you're so salty... mmm couldn't you pitch every n...
Remember when leaving two men on base meant everyone in the thread was suicidal
'Member when Team USA switched to their mighty ducks jerseys going into the 3...
I member
I just have to laugh at this place sometimes. 
Kind of warranted when your teams goes 21 innings without a run 
tbf, we've plated a ton of RISP tonight. 
We shouldn't make a habit of it to be sure
Yeah, I had to stand under them holding a net.
That Rizzo moment with the ump for anyway that missed it: https://www.clippit...
Like we needed more reasons to love Rizzo.
Thanks for posting the clip. That's a class act by both of them.
DICKS OUT FOR SCHWARBER. FUCK KERSHAW. FUCK RICH HILL. FUCK THE DODGERS. LETS...
Bryant has like no lead at all. Don't blame him, when a pitcher can balk when...
Marlins fan coming on by, wanted to wish my support to the ever-so-friendly c...
Wanna grant us your playoff magic?
love you boo
Thanks, it's so hard being a Cubs fan, lol. 
Hope you guys take the East next year.
Hi fish friend, ignore the haters lots of us a fun!
<3
Bosio: John it's gonna be ok, here's a sugar cube.

Lackey: Thanks coach, the...
Jesus christ, Lackey scares me.  Just sitting by himself mumbling like a mad ...
Lackey looks like he's about to take hostages.  
Lackey takes no prisoners. 
Honestly wouldn't be shocked if it happened.
After going 10-2 Buck has been mostly silent. Guess he'd rather just not talk...
Fuck Buck. 
Have to take a rain check. He's too busy in the Dodgers dugout right now.
Adrian Gonzalez is the Chevy Cruze hatchback of baseball players
Hate that young professional chick. Just annoys me.
Weekend warrior party in the back. (Horse laugh)
Not even sure what that means... Have an upvote. 
Heyward had time to tie his cleats and call his mom to tell her to "watch thi...
Party in his rear?
The cubs just seem like a genuinely nice group of people
Minus Chapman of course
Come on man
I mean he's not wrong
Why does it seem like historically closers are either really kind or jerks?
Chapman is their goto angry man
Lackey too? Or just resident cowpoke?
Country John Lackey may have something to say about that.
Yeah... Lets just say he wasn't very happy he didn't get that status...
we should share a drink with them sometime.
I'm down
At my Mom's for the game.

*mom walks in, listens to Joe Buck say "I'm not sa...
Your mom is a classy lady. Give her a hug and buy her some flowers, and maybe...
What a sweetheart. I like her. 
She seems like a good person
Your mom is smart.
your mother is a saint.
The post donger Bryzzo hug, for all of you.  It's beautiful.

https://imgur.c...
That's art if I've ever seen it 
I don't know where all this extra emotion is coming from but I literally tear...
feelsgoodman
#NewWallpaper
that's actually a really beautiful photo...
>"Welcome to the NLCS"

>Cuts to commercial

there are literally 0 redeeming ...
**Afuckingreed Wholefuckingheartedly**
It was that pitchers first appearance so it's pretty apt.
shh bby let's just hate him blindly
My favorite thing is that the Dodgers sub hates him just as much as we do
I want the Cubs to win so that /r/baseball shuts up. I would say that becomin...
Eh I don't really let it bother me. Reddit is full of a million losers who th...
It just annoys me seeing so many misinformed statements get so much support o...
Yeah I mean it is annoying but there's nothing you can do about it, just the ...
True
Yep...waddup mate how are you?
Good, still nervous about Smith and this game today. How about you? 
Nervous about this but I think I may have scored my first post-college job as...
Nice dude! That's awesome. I'm miles away from that. Just a marketing freshma...
Sadly no, but I'm eyeing some cheaper tickets, I'd really like to see the Blu...
I'll keep that in mind, thanks!
dam this game just want to let you all know i am rooting for you since my jay...
I wanted Cubs-Jays WS. That would have been a heck of a lot of fun to watch, ...
yeah the only thing is if the jays won that we would be even more hated than ...
I didn't say you'd *win* the WS. Just that it'd be fun to watch.

Also I'd ha...
Yeah it's just harder for me to get tickets than the average joe sadly do to ...
Toronto and Chicago have bonded recently over a mutual hatred of Cleveland.

...
Is it weird that the Jays were my AL pick? lol

Not like I would ever pick th...
yah my dream was to have a cubs vs jays series see my great grandmother was a...
Thanks brah I was glad to see you guys got 1 at home at least, we know how it...
yeah i am sad we got eliminated but like you said glad we didn't get swept i ...
They didn't get swept, man!
I am aware of that, that's why I said I'm glad to see they got one (win) at home
#runs: 10

#groove: found 

#jimmies: rustled
Remember last night everyone? Do you remember? We're gonna fucking do this.
If I was in a room with Hitler, Osama bin Laden, and Joe Buck, and I had a gu...
And here I thought you were going to go in the Michael Scott direction  

htt...
If I was in a room with Hitler, Osama bin Laden, and Joe Buck, and I had a gu...
But hitler and osama are already dead 
Too nice, kick him in the balls.
Well, you could still line them up and try to shoot one bullet through two he...
This made me laugh, thanks.
I need.....995 more runs. 
Googled the runs in a game record out of curiosity. Held by the Cubs [then th...
Nifty!
Spread out across 7 more games please. 
For science?
Yes... science...

*unzips*
Just had this same thought.
Good solid number. 
Rizzo is a class act. 
"That sound system is incredible."

- Joe "Steely Dan" Buck
https://www.clippituser.tv/c/twitter/agpvk

The Anthony Rizzo and Angel Herna...
Russell needed this night.
This already feels much more promising. Balls in play, contact, patience, swi...
What are you talking about? He threw 12 pitches with a K and two weak ground ...
I too feel fine with that inning.
Your optimism is astounding.
it's more fun for some of us :)
I'll have fun when the Cubs show a pulse.
I'll drink to that
I shouted "Fuck yeah Addison" and my 3 year old daughter, who is named Addiso...
I was listening to a song with my 3 year old once and at the end they said "f...
Sounds like your daughter has an official favorite Cubbie now
Well it is between Russell and Kris Bryant but I think my wife might have inf...
Your wife is going to hate you.
haha I'm usually the one telling my wife to watch her mouth in front of my da...
"a couple points on the board"

wtf Smoltz
Give the guy a break, he spent his career shooting from the free throw line.
Right? That man has a god damn world series ring... and says shit like that. 
and with those two points, all they need is a field goal to tie
In case you guys didn't see -- 

Bryzzo post donger hug gif.

https://imgur.c...
Best bromance in baseball.
BFIB - best friends in baseball
Adorable
I did see. But I love it so much I'll look again.
Awwww
Commercial: I OVERPACK BUT MY HUSBAND ONLY BRINGS A SUITCASE FULL OF DICK PILLS
#THE SLIM REAPER 
Let Z get some postseason action. Just save Wood for tomorrow. 
Has anyone else's sleep just been 100% fucked since the NLDS started?
Ive been late to work like 3 times
TERRIBLY. 
as none of the games start during west coast evenings, I've been alright. 
Only for Game 3 of the NLDS. Haha oh man, that game....
Yeah, but my boss knows I'm a big Cubs fan so he's cool if I show up late the...
Yes, thank goodness we aren't playing on west coast time
Yes and my homework schedule. Taking a hit in my sleep schedule my first term :(
I have been waking up way too hungover for work lately.
Sleep?
Hawks vs Kings prepared me for this.
I just want to feel good again, guys. 
I bet /r/baseball hates us even more right now
LET THEM FUCKING HATE. THEY JUST HATE FUN
I give 500 less fucks than Hossa has goals about what /r/baseball things righ...
As a Bruins fan I could care less about people hating my team.
With all due respect, fuck Brad Marchand 
Fite me IRL.
"By a millimeter of an inch."

-- John Smoltz, gunning for John Madden's job.
I slinked off the couch after Jason caught that at the wall yelling "I can't ...
Can we talk about how huge that bunt by Zo was?
Perfect bunt, at the perfect time.
Undoubtedly the spark. 
I was just thinking about that
It was a fatty.

Oh, *bunt*.

Sorry.
HUUUUGE
I think you mean "YUUUUGE"
I MEAN WHAT'S AN NLCS GAME WITHOUT A BUTTHOLE CLENCHED TIGHT ENOUGH TO SLICE ...
I'm making diamonds right now.
I wish it wasn't this way, but it is. 
So tight you're crapping a chocolate diamond. 
Rizzo is so polite but murders baseballs. Gotta love it
That audio conversation between Rizzo and the home plate ump was so sincere I...
Bryzzo 2020
He's going to be Jake's VP, get him some experience in the big offices first.
What did they say? I was out of the room and missed it
He apologized nicely. 
Apologized for what?
I love how frustrated they're getting. Hope it translates into a multi-game s...
Their own sub says that they have trouble recovering from bad games, let's ho...
Honestly they look exactly like we did the last two games.
Russell has clearly sacrificed someone's first born to get these hits. Good f...
Why is FS1 kissing the Dodgers ass the whole game? Seriously ridiculous. 
Have been the whole series.  Remember snoop dog being on there talking about ...
The broadcasters are Dodgers fans, if last night's game is anything to go off...
Because joe wants to have sex with kershaw and then watch him throw naked cur...
All series long.

It's mostly Smoltz imo. 

On a sidenote, I fucking despise ...
they want the Cubs so close yet so far away story to never end, basically
"these Dodgers just keep coming back, like a heroic cancer patient who surviv...
Just got to a bar and a Budweiser rep just walked in with a bunch of W flags....
I remember being terrified when heyward came up for St. Louis last year 
I still am terrified. Except for a different reason, terrified that he won't ...
Hopefully he figures it out in the off season 
The guy killed us, especially at Wrigley
I think that's what hurts the most
Honestly the only reason I wanted him all year was because he was a menace to...
I hope we win so people can stop complaining about literally *everything*
Like complaining about people complaining when we haven't scored a run in 20 ...
Yeah! Precisely. 
I would also like to score before it hits 27 innings. And win the game. 
I feel this comment on a spiritual level.
Controversy? Not the other bullshit strike zone calls going against us?

Gtfoh
You know Pat and Ron are feeling good because they're talking about a pitcher...
Fuck the Dodgers 
Yes
and /r/baseball
They're downvoting cubs fans so hard. 
The bandwagon will switch back to us if we win. Just watch it happen. 
If?
Hopefully 
But fuck the Cardinals more.
#FUCKTHECARDINALS
You dumb FS1 bastards. If we do go to game 7, it's not like the Cubs are the ...
Honestly I feel the entire tone of this game changed when Lackey chewed the f...
*Series 
I have a whole new respect for Lackey.
Lackey: you kidding me? Joe: yeah fuckstick you walked the 8 and 9 hitters.
I know this game isn't over, as I need 992 more runs to feel safe, but just g...
https://imgur.com/dYl6GQQ
There you are!
Having any trouble staying awake?
Yet another reason Anthony Rizzo is my favorite player.
Wow that conversation between Rizzo and Angel is a huge contrast from Pederso...
That 100% changed my view of Hernandez, he sounds like a good guy. He was alm...
He may be a terrible umpire, but he has my respect
How could people leave an NLCS game before it's done?!  Especially considerin...
NLCS tickets in LA are going for $85 for seats....
Because their paychecks are more than our yearly salary.  
LA stands for L-A-M-E
"You dont speculate about injury in the booth" - Joe Buck literally right aft...
Listen to the radio broadcast guys!
Yep. He caught himself.
Best part is there was more speculation after the commercial break. From Joe ...
FUCK THE PACKERS
(Enters Cubs dugout)

I just want to tell you good luck. We're all counting o...
Picked a helluva week to quit winning ballgames 
It's a whole new 9 innings altogether 
It's a whole new 9 innings!
Where are my favorite people at? We need to join forces with our positive vibes!
/u/unfortunatelylawless our favorite hammerhead fan needs your woohooing
I am hereeeeeeee
I will find your favorites and force them to root root root
Go forth on your quest my faithful companion!
Yo
How you doin?
About to start drinking...so lookin up!
Seems like a good thing!
Am I a favorite? 
You're pretty cool.
What about /u/PM_ME_MESSY_BUNS?
Indeed! How are you doing friend?
Sick but medicated :) let's do this!
I know that feeling, get better soon amiga!
Hey bruh
How you doin mate?
[deleted]
Got any puns cookin?
[deleted]
Dope.
Alright gentlemen. This is either going to be a long sad day or great "overco...
this is the dumbest fucking color commentary lol
Anthony Heyward
Jason Rizzo
Addisony Heyrizzell
Anthony Heyddison. 
And on the third day God said "Let the Cubs have some runs." And runs they had.
Funny how one postseason series can totally change your opinion of a team.  I...
#LACKEY TAKE ALL MY SUGAR CUBES
He's like a Derby racehorse tonight!
#Cubes4days
SUGAR JOCKEY
Play by play guys are supposed to be more about the present, but Joe Buck is ...
The struggles are the present. 
5-0 is the present.
Joe Buck has a Chicago bias
Biased toward the Cardinals and hates the Cubs. National broadcasters are sup...
How many packs of gum did Kershaw have in his damn mouth?
About a third as many as Clint Hurdle does 
Probably more than I can fit in this rally bucket.
I bet he can't juggle gum like Javy
A whole bag of gum dicks. 
Hello Cubs fans

I am a friendly Giants fan.

Now, I have been cooking lentil...
your GI health could be responsible for our GWRBI
Very possible but Cubs fans on r/baseball are really calling me names and ins...
what?! god fucking dammit. sorry.
Thanks man. It's all in my comment history. They downvoted my comment there l...
I see it. That's fucking atrocious. I hope our sub's reception does something...
Thanks man. That's very nice and straightforward of you.
You should bottle and sell that stuff.
Cubs fans on r/baseball are mocking me though and really insulting me after I...
Looks like soup is back on the menu boys!
Never stop making soup
LMAO. thank you for your support. even if it is strange.
Looks like it will be lentil soup for dinner for the rest of the week then.
But a lot of Cubs fans on r/baseball are really insulting me and calling me n...
i'm sorry, bro. Not all of us are like that. You're more than welcome to part...
Thank you, man. I really appreciate your kind words.
anytime. FWIW, i'm a life-long Cubs fan. There has been in influx of bandwago...
Sounds good
Make more soup tomorrow 
Well a lot of Cubs fans on r/baseball are really insulting me and calling me ...
Honestly the trolls in there don't post here. I love you though. 
Thanks man. I really like you too!
Haha
:)
Can't blame the whole fan base for a couple idiots..  we support and apprecia...
I'm not but they could have been nicer. A lot nicer. I did not mean any harm ...
Lentus score again 
I've told you two times I'll send more lentils 
Hey man, I gotta get em from this certain store, man. It's their store brand.
I wish all sports leagues released more sounds of all the games. That stuff i...
[I like the new spelling with 4E's](http://imgur.com/nyaw5XF)
Be better soon Stringbean!
I think Rizzo's politeness is really helping our calls lol 
Grandpa Rossy pitch the last inning pls
Carl Edwards Jr. left with Severe Monster Burgeritis in his left Frisco
Roberts says Maeda is starting tomorrow. If we get this one tonight our odds ...
I'll take another crack at Kershaw at home, I ain't scared ^imscared 
We need to beat him at least once, no matter what.
On the way to dodger stadium . I've never seen the cubs lose while out west  ...
Yankees fan coming in peace

Hope your guys kick some ass tonight
It's a balk
Home Plate umpire Angel Hernandez :(
Holy shit guys, calm down. It's the first inning. All three of then can still...
"Can"
hell, might!
:)
[Delivering on shotgun promise to the Baseball Gods](http://imgur.com/RWZZoQ6)
Baseball is a weird sport man. All year we've been saying "Dammit Heyward, al...
Okay, so when I go to the bathroom the cubs do well. Luckily for us, I've got...
I was stuck in my shower for the blue jay game yesterday, so I feel you 
that's the most interestingly disgusting thing i've ever heard
Must be the sour beer
Just keep shitting. Just keep shitting. 
Taco Bell every night through the end of the playoffs for you 
[Let's bring back a classic gif shall we?](http://mlb.mlb.com/images/6/9/2/13...
This is god damned Cubs baseball.

Oh how I missed it.
Times I've had to use my inhaler this game: three
that's actually amazing and you're a trooper and also my hero
https://66.media.tumblr.com/cbe37e5be71f0f63c3b92a1ae177ec22/tumblr_n7fo0zleo...
This is too real
I suffered from severe asthma all the way through HS. I know that feel
The Cubs are literally trying to kill you.
I joke about it all the time but it's actually real now
it hurts so good?
It's worth it!!
Asthmatics unite!

*goes for high five*

*gets exhausted doing so*

*uses inh...
My illness is mostly exacerbating my condition but hello friend!
I've got a stomach issue giving me some lovely stomach acid triggered lung is...
[Cubs this week](http://i.imgur.com/anWYW.gif)
Finish them 

https://i.imgur.com/1O8R7LF.gifv
Shoutout to those non-cubs fans who have been rooting for this team to win, t...
haha a bit. 
Casual White Sox fan here. Go Cubs! 

Here's my thought. I'd rather have the ...
THE CHICAGO CUBS ARE WHO WE THOUGHT THEY WERE
I hope you don't mind but I tweeted this out! https://twitter.com/ITtZ_JOEDAD...
It's all good my dude
Playoffs? You kidding me? Playoffs?
Damn...that was actually really cool. Rizzo is such a great dude. 
That recording has made me weirdly emotional what is wrong with me.  
I think...
Me too. I might be drunk though
GOOD
Time for another beer
Contreras = frog confirmed
Guys, before tonight, the Cubs had 43 total playoff hits. Tonight we have 11....
my mom right now:

(walking into my room) "How are the cubs doing?"

"10-2"

...
Adrian is a girl's name
*Adrienne
Rocky Balboa knows
Great to hear a silent Dodger Stadium crowd.
"ends up hitting Rizzo" fucking idiot
Come on guys stop hitting Bryant :(
What if the running joke through the rest of the playoffs is KB just keeps ge...
\> Getting Gatorade in the dugout  
\>  
\> Foul ground ball rolls in and tap...
Just a walk every ab.  I'd take it I think he would too 
He looked annoyed when he got hit by that throw on 2nd base.
Good news for Carls Jr.  nothing too serious it seems.
"They are die-hard Dodger fans!"

*Camera shows Dodgers fans on their phones,...
"Die hard Dodgers fan."

Cut to them playing on their phones while laughing f...
At least they are there unlike all the empty seats around them
Hey, I'm playing on my phone too.  Good for them for staying unlike everyone ...
6 hits for Ruzzo tonight. That is my favorite stat of this postseason
Is Bruzzo a thing now?
No. I used it specifically for this case

Edit: I missed the B in your versio...
All of the Cubs that have been batting like shit have really stepped up this ...
Rizzo and russel with huge games
"buck says safe"

#WELL JOE BUCK IS A FUCKING CUNT WITH HUGE HARD ON FOR THE ...
I have a first date tonight.  Going to watch the game together.  If the cubs ...
Wouldn't it be funny if she followed gdts on reddit and was reading this?
Good luck! Hope you two together brings the magic for the Cubs... no pressure. 
If the Cubs cross the plate, then you also cross the plate tonight my friend. 
BUT if the Cubs win, someone's getting lucky!

Good luck brobeans.
WELL TWO BATTERS DOWN THERE'S THE GAME FIRE EVERYONE
Seeing that .077 BA next to Rizzo's name is just disheartening 
I see the scouting report of "Throw fastball in the zone pitch one" is still ...
Fox loves the slow motion shots of people yelling "FUCK!!"
Rizzo has a bad case of the Heywards.
IF SOMEONE IN A CUBS UNIFORM COULD HIT THE FUCKING BASEBALL THAT WOULD BE FUC...
"Fuck it, let's get weird."

- Joe Maddon
HELLO REGULAR SEASON CUBS

#WELCOME TO OCTOBER
Literally shut the FUCK up Joe Buck. What's going through Lackey's mind right...
when Lackey is on the other team you thunk he's a douche but when he's on you...
Still think he's a douche. But he's our douche.
So damn true. I fucking hated him on the Cardinals last year.
Joe Buck eats dirty diapers
This sub is rock hard.
He hugged Bryant SO HARD. Like I'm back, sorry bro! 
Rizzo and Russell in the same game, can we get Heyward for a slumpbuster trif...
He did drive in a run at least...that's something. 
You know what, I'll take it.
CAN WE PLEASE GET THAT BRYZZO HUG GIF
Plzplz.
Seconded
I LOVE HOW QUIET THE STADIUM IS RIGHT NOW. PERFECT TIME FOR A LETS GO CUBBIES...
Damn Zobs almost joined the dong party 
I really like the Dodgers manager right now.
Pulling Baez shaves off about 45...
Wait, did *Rizzo* hit a home run?

THERE HAS BEEN AN AWAKENING. HAVE YOU FELT...
Guys...THIS looks like our Cubs. Let's go!
I'm still fully clenched. Until the game goes official, I won't lose any anxi...
Yeah, it's not over 'til it's over....but this feels MUCH better. 
In-fucking-deed.
clench til we clinch
That's bumper sticker material.
/u/UnfortunatelyLawless we need you to summon a DP
"Are you fucking kidding me?" - Lackey

Yeah I'm with you Lackey, but Monty i...
Rooting for you guys, would love to see a Cubs/Indians World Series. Hope to ...
I hope the Cubs make it, but if they don't the Indians are my team. Your boy ...
right on
Rizzoli Rizzoli give me those RBIolli's.
If it weren't for Pedro Baez this game would be over by now. 
Wanna say, I've been pretty pleased with [Hernandez's strikezone](http://www....
Agreed. But he did botch the hit by pitch call where the ball was in the dirt...
FOR THE LAST TIME THE BALL CAN BOUNCE IN AND ITS STILL A HBP JESUS CHRIST 
[deleted]
No it's a legit rule. It shouldn't be changed. And I know it because I was an...
Don't care. It's dumb. HBP should be you're hit by a pitch not a ricochet of ...
You're an idiot 
Good reply. Solid reasoning. 
Ball in dirt doesn't matter if it hits them it hits them.
[Cubs Strike Zone](https://twitter.com/CubsUmp?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcam...
Nice! Didn't know about that account. Definitely following it for the foresee...
Even more impressive in that it's Angel too
How about more runs? Just for fun?
Gotta save some for tomorrow too!
Quick! Trade Sergio Romo to LA!
You didn't even see our worst. Santiago Casilla led the league in blown saves.
I know. He was on my fantasy team
He was in my nightmares.
Yes please.
I like the way you think.
eh, we could always use a few more insurance runs. 
FUCK THE

~~DH~~

~~CLOSER~~

EVERYONE NOT US
Cheers boys McNabb rocking at our bar

http://i.imgur.com/pUJyNNQ.jpg
Pete Rose looks like Danny DeVito as The Penguin
Russ and Rizz are ON. This game is what happens when the middle of the lineup...
okay, so we just got eliminated, and while I like the Indians, I want you guy...
kkkÊžkkkÊžÊžÊžkkÊžÊž
K
k
[deleted]
Julio "Clearly a Balk" Urias
Uh, yeah, that looks like a balk
Attack the first pitch, they keep throwing fastballs in the zone on the first...
This x10000000
Ya and I'm not as worried about working the count since the Dodgers go to the...
At least Lackey is showing some fire and leadership, holding people accountable
Fucking garbage inning. Dodgers gift wrapped us a run. 
FOX SAYS SAFE, TV SAYS SAFE, UMPS SAY OUT FUCKER
If anyone's confused I think they stuck with the call because of his hand height
I agree. Fingers you can see touch after.
And they couldn't be sure Contreras didn't make contact with his arm before t...
A millimeter of an inch?
That makes sense. ~25 millimeters in an inch.
FOX SPORTS
They don't get the metric system
Lester :(

Top 5 postseason pitcher of all time and I mean that
Thank you for not signing him :)
We decided to sign price instead. It just sucks even more because of that sig...
No lead is safe. 

I need....1000 more runs. 
Nah, 1005.
why stop there
I love that we're already in their bullpen.
This could help us out big time tomorrow too.
They weren't planning to have Urias face the lineup more than twice.
AND I WASN'T PLANNING ON THE CUBS LOSING

LET'S GO
Cmon Lackey. You got this.
I JUST RIZZED IN MY PANTS!
"Oh did I miss that homerun? Here, lemme just fix that real quick" - Rizzo pr...
Fuck every single person who said to bench Rizzo and/or Russell ignoring thei...
AND THE DODGERS!
All the female fans are enjoying Rizzo's larger body of work on that hit.

An...
*Nice*
That hug between Rizzo and Bryant warms my heart. He needed that.
I am more delighted by that than any of the other 4 RBIs. I am absolutely fuc...
fuck you FS1 camera guy i thought that was gone too
If I had a penis, I would likely need to seek help for an erection lasting mo...
[2 Dongs, 2 Shotguns](http://imgur.com/PqLDIvW)
and here I thought you were shotgunning IPAs
My man. 
I want to but I haven't done it in forever I know I'll spill. 
You got this man.  The top on my first one didn't pop quite right and I had t...
I haven't done it in forever and I'm alone. That's just sad 
I have nowhere good to shotgun, so I'm just chugging instead.
Bathtub
True, but I can chug a full beer about as fast as I can shotgun one so...
I was such a slow shotgunner in college. It was shameful. 
I'm not sure if it's a prideful skill to possess... 
There can only be one Baez at a time I guess.
#For those of you watching on MLB.tv, the Rizzo dingalinger was @ 1hr:58m:15s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCWbumgScAY
saving this for when I masturbate later. 
If you could abolish one of the following things from baseball forever, which...
Well, neither plays baseball, so...
Joe Buck. Idc either way on the DH
Joe Buck. Get rid of the DH, and we know we'll get pitchers hitting. Get rid ...
Buck the DH
DH. 
Fuck the DH, always
Fuck the Joe buck
DH lasts 162+ days, after the playoffs I don't have to listen to Joe Buck
If I had two choices I'd pick Joe buck twice.
You win!
Hawk Harrelson. 
Joe Buck.

Easy.
Joe buck. The DH doesn't affect me that often. Joe buck annoys me ALL THE TIME
Buck 

Forever and ever Buck
Settle down, Javy. You don't have to hit it to Jupiter 
My heart-rate finally seems to be settling down a little. I don't think it'd ...
Is that PAD or PSAD?
I inititally tried to fumble around with it so it came out as PTSD but it's 4...
We need to pad the lead for your PAD.
Lackey: "Are you fucking kidding me?"
That's an extremely short leash. I mean I get why he's doing it but that's br...
Guys I legit think as we approach 5am I'm getting a lil' delirious.  
All thi...
The worst part is that none of your coworkers understand when you explain you...
Yes! This has always been the struggle. Or explaining to friends, "oh my god ...
Reminds me of Top Gear talking about baseball and Clarkson said something lik...
Haha it's true.  
She's more of a contact hitter.
Just hang on, man. Just keep talking here with all the rest of us. You're not...
Moments like that help!
Alright!
*survive*
I ain't just survivin', I'm thrivin'
dodgers_throwing.exe has stopped working 
Lol White Sox fan in the Dodgers thread says:

> Well, the only solace is thi...
Yes, the Dodgers fuckups have accounted for 9 runs. I wanted to comment exact...
As your resident White Sox and Cubs fan, I apologize for the idiocy of some s...
No worries. I like the WS as well. I'm a south sider so most of my friends ar...
Those statements aren't mutually exclusive. It *is* a bad game by the Dodgers...
There is something to be said about the difference between losing and being b...
Sox fans are even saltier than Cards fans lately. It's really weird.

Edit: d...
little bit of column A, little bit of column B
Guaranteed Salt Field 
Hey guys

We found the offense
Always in the last place you look.  
Of course! It was in the silverware drawer!

Why didn't I think of looking th...
We are the 2016 Cubs again, thank goodness.
Hernandez has had a really consistent zone all night. Even when Lackey was ar...
There've been some weird calls on the side, but it seems like they've gone bo...
Yeah, he's done a tremendous job. Even the somewhat blown call at home was mo...
I'm 95% sure he's been kidnapped and that's not Hernandez behind the plate.
Thank God it's not Country Bumpkin Joe West
THAT is how we talk to the umps.
.... I like hernandez a little more now. 
I'm so happy to see the offense not revolving around Baez and Bryant this game.
We've got to save some hits with RISP for tomorrow. 
Rizzo's (Szczur's) bat shall now be referred to as The Spirit of Szczur
Did Buck just seriously have to point out a couple of fans who are "here to t...
Jokes on you, FS1! Gary Sinise is a Cubs fan!
Well done Pedro!
FS1 wants to show *anything* but what's happening on the field. Show me the d...
So we'll be facing Cleveland WHEN WE WIN THIS FUCKING SERIES.

A grudge match...
Fun fact: Schwarber hit his first career home run in Cleveland. 


Funner Fac...
Dis gun b gud.
Just one?
Cincinnati sacrificed harambe for a chance at the World Series.
Can't even do that shit right, can they?
Cincy finished last in the central tho...
So? 
It didn't work out so well tho
ELI5 how that's not a balk.
> didn't hit 3 consecutive homers

Pack it up boys, it's over
WHAT. A. TAG.
Hell of a throw.  Wanna see him all fiery tonight. Stare down then bomb away ...
Fuck, that didn't look bad coming off the bat.
LACKEY ITS OKAY YOU STRUCK OUT. INSEE YOU'RE SWINGING WITH THE FORCE OF A THO...
RIZZO BLINK TWICE IF YOU ARE HAVING A MEDICAL EMERGENCY 
I still love all of you and I love this team but goddamn I hate myself 
Dodgers Scoreless Innings: 3
[deleted]
Urias is going to be one hell of a player. It's gonna be fun watching him dev...
Respect goes to that young man. He's accomplished way more than many of us at...
Until we beat the dodgers, no. No it is not.
Seriously, that kid is gonna be good.
Just glad he's not in our division.
So much this.
I'm hanging out here for the rest of the game /r/baseball and the Dodger fans...
Hello snek fan!
Can we have Miggy back after you guys get him a ring? Lol
I mean...do you have any of them shiny pitching types?
We're willing to give you one Shelby Miller lololol 
I must decline :P
Yes.
Joe Buck youre the one that needs Cialis
He has to find a guy to use it with.
I find it hilarious the dick hardening pills can get prime time commercial sp...
I think he's taking it right now with the boners he gets about Dodgers pitchers.
and maybe a good curb-stomping
But mostly Cialis
oh absolutely
This inning went from "perfect follow up to the top" to "oh fuck please end a...
DODGERS GET TAE FUCK
I have taught you well
aye
à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤  TAKE MY ENERGY ANTHONY à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤
Rizzo needed that so bad. Fuck yes
HE HAS RIZZEN!
I was in the bathroom when Rizzo hit his HR.

Remind me to back to the bathro...
Were you in the bathroom?? Be did good things
RemindMe! 30 minutes!
You go sit in the bathroom for rest of the game.
Just go back and stay there for everyone's at bats please 
Well, who the fuck would've thought a team would be "pretty good" when they h...
MRW when Rizzo finally dongered.

https://imgur.com/6ADLV4r
as i said in that Giants comeback:

hello yes i am here to watch the best tea...
John Lackey keeps an ax in his car trunk. Just in case. 
Joe Buck calls runs "points"... what a square 
That was Smoltz.
Still a square 
#FuckJoeBuck
"Are you fucking kidding me?" No, you can't just walk everybody, John.
*Are you fucking kidding me?*

Our workhorse, BoLack HorseHurler
I love Lackeyisms. Can somebody make a super cut of all the F bombs he drops
that would be great
I'll get you started with the classic.

https://imgur.com/gallery/pezgM

I need to see that "You fuckin' kidding me?" again with the camera right on h...
[deleted]
Perfect
those napoleon dynamite teeth man i love it
THEYRE NOT POINTS THEYRE RUNS YOU DOLT 
Maddon calls them points too 
Well Maddon is also wrong! But he's not a dolt
He spent his whole career on a team that neither allowed nor scored any, so y...
I just can't stand when baseball fans boo normal shit like that 
Nah I think it's funny that the home fans don't do anything when their guy do...
Yeah everyone does it though 
BOOO  YOU MADE A ROUTINE PLAY!  BOOOO!
*drunk rich people
Poor Theo looks stressed af
If our middle guys have really, truly woken up, that is so huge
START. RUN: hitparade.exe
return.
What a shame all those people from last night killed themselves and aren't ab...
This game is a lot more fun when we score more runs than the other guys 
[Cubs](https://twitter.com/AldoSoto21/status/788935772804157440)
Ok so clearly my NASA socks were the key, I'm not taking these off.
I played Kerbal Soace Program all day and successfully landed on the Mun for ...
Need moar space flight.
Nope. It's me having my keys in my pocket
YOU MEAN YOU HAVEN'T BEEN WEARING THEM...WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK?!?
I KNOW RIGHT, HOW COULD I?!?!?!!
NASA...space...hitting the ball into the space...into the gap...  
Makes perf...
Just so we're all on the same page, our offense is outscoring LA 18-13 in thi...
Montgomery has been amazing this postseason, I hope we can convert him into a...
He's pushing Hammel out the door.
I want to make fun of the expos here, but I'm in too good a mood
Nah, as a Bruins fan make fun of anything Montreal plz.
He's going to start next season as a swingman but will probably make like 10 ...
This.
Rizzo is a very nice young man.
Awesome ump chatter. Respect.
I love Rizzo. Seriously.
Montgomery >>>> Koufax and Kershaw 
Anthony Rizzo for Dad 2016
Didn't think I could love Rizzo more until that convo with the ump. 
MARY HART HAS FLED THE CARNAGE ON THE FIELD IN HORROR
Btw the way guys, been sitting on the left side of my couch this game for mor...
My bet is precautionary measure, maybe something tightening up. 
Lol baez checkin out his own ass. You're not the only one bb
Travis "fuck the DH" Wood
SLIM REAPER TAKE MT ENERGY/HEALTH/ANYTHING YOU NEED TO BE HEALTHY
These are some long games
So THIS is the cubs we saw all year.

finally they are playing like it.
Apparently Balls have a thing for Bryant 
Mine do
Grote: CEJ with left hamstring tightness 
Plz go use your nurse powers and heal him.
I think my powers could be used elsewhere rn
Tis possible.
Someone get Pete Rose a hoverround for christ sakes.
He looks good for somebody as drunk as he's seemed in these broadcasts.
Baron Harkonnen
Pedro "Johnny Cueto" Strop
Minus the douchy hair and leg kick nonsense.
Actually, I said that entirely because of the leg kick nonsense that Strop ju...
Missed it. I suck.
Haha, it's all good. Strop messes with his delivery a bunch, but I think this...
Strop works so fast, I love it 
I kill it with him on MLB The Show for that reason. Once you get a rhythm you...
The Show always makes me want a PlayStation. I wanna play baseball games. 
Honestly it's just about all I play.  
It's funny, on the sub for it everyone...
I actually play a ton of 2k, and I think it's a very good sports game. They d...
The Anti-Pedro Baez
Why the hell was Ashton Kutcher  wearing Dodgers gear? I thought he was a Chi...
He's from Iowa. They pick random teams because they have no pro sports. Then ...
Fuck Ashton Kutcher.  Guy's a scummy douchebag.  I don't want him anywhere ne...
Special place in hell for traitors.
A clean 8th!!!! That feels good
Holy shit SKYRIM HYPE LIKE IT'S 2011!!!!

Sorry.
I want to get it just because my ps4 is in the living room and I can sit on t...
[I'll have you know that there's no PUSSIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE](https://www.you...
Eh, the only reason I see to rebuy it is mods but only the One will get mods ...
I'm am very glad I have the one.
I've got a PS4 and I'm excited about mods but only using in game stuff has so...
I wish you could transfer characters onto other consoles. Looks like I'll hav...
#PUNCHCAT#
Sleepless nights for me are coming between this and Civ VI.
Is it going to be any good or what? I loved civ5 but this one almost looks a ...
I'm loving all the new mechanics that i've seen, the graphics kinda remind me...
I completely forgot about the Special Edition lol
My roommate and I are going old school for it. TVs in the same room, frozen p...
It's good to see Rizzo and Russel wake up offensively and kick ass. Cubs 2016!
Empty seats. Could you imagine if that was Wrigley?
God I'm so happy we are about to release Thing after a 3 day absence. 

I nee...
Hopefully. No guarantees.
Of course.  It's baseball.  But color me optimistic. 
Believe me same here. I'm just a tad superstitious :)
Same with me.  I shouldn't have said anything.

I'll report for flogging if w...
I hope the Fuck You lineup is ready to FUCK SHIT UP
Cubs are a team that work off energy, early hits mean early energy. Forget ab...
Who is the third Cy Young candidate?
Jake was in talks there for awhile. Kyle & Jon kinda ran away with it towards...
Brian Matusz 
Bold predictions:

Cubs win 7-3 on ten or eleven hits. Lackey pitches six ful...
> Lackey pitches six full innings.

Better make that 7-8 then...
For the love of Christ please let this be true.
Calling it now:

At some point tonight I'm gonna end up shitting my pants for...
It is Wednesday
take pictures
If we score in the first inning, I'll drink a beer instead of tea
Best way to kill the flu is drown it in alcohol. Trust me, I'm a medical prof...
A beer for every inning?
#let's go
#let's go
MY FELLOW EUROTRASH HOW ARE YOU?
Nervous.  
Nervous.
I know the feeling, please channel your inner william wallace! (Just not like...
Panicking? who's panicking? I'm not panicking! NO ONE IS FUCKING PANICKING!!!...
And I quote from Lackey. 

"GOD DAMN IT LET'S FUCKING GO!!!"

Well, we agree ...
#I'M FUCKING HYPE AS FUCK RIGHT NOW
[deleted]
that is so great.
Fired up!!! 
I love this so much
YOURE A FUCKING LEGEND
IM ALL IN LACKEY!
THE FIRE WE NEED!
Hey how old is Urias? Is he fucking 20, Joe? 
Next you'll tell me that Jimmy Graham used to play basketball! 
And Aaron Rodgers loves "free plays" 
Baez up there just **walking for the fences**
Joc is one of the worst fucking names ever.  Only behind the Aidens (Aidyn, B...
Agreed on all counts except Chase. It's bad, but it isn't an Aiden.
I met someone named Chadley recently.
....

Wow, their parents must have really hated them.
Bernard
My favorite names are Jon, Kris, Javier, and Dexter
And Frank.
Got em
Hey we call my dad frank you asshole. 
Chaz...is that you?
And Jhonny
One of the slowest guys in baseball just scored from 2nd on a hard hit ball t...
TOO CLOSE TO OVERTURN HAHAHA SUCK A DICK GONZALEZ
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Poor Gonzalez. "Fox said safe."
"a millimeter of an inch" 
Dodgers have the corniest fans lol
RIZZO YOU AMAZING FIRST BASE PLAYING CANCER SURVIVING TARP CATCHING WHOLE RED...
The scoreless streak can now drink legally 
It's already 21 years long?
Maybe that's all that it takes at this point
now it can join the rest of us.
I don't want to be that guy, but we have lost every game that Coghlan hasn't ...
Get joe on the phone, stat!!
Pretty sure you're on to something! ;)
We've won every game in which Coghlan has been announced as a pinch hitter an...
Utley making me clench my Buttly
"Now they score every inning for 22 innings, that's how this works right?" -m...
I like the way your brother thinks...
Please 
works for me
Joe Buck: Nice homerun addison, but GREAT PLAY SEAGER
He said Urias pitched great and it was just one pitch that screwed him. Where...
Fuck 'em.
"I don't know why they would challenge him" shut the fuck up Joe Buck you've ...
Seriously
Right? The whole time I'm saying to myself... "Yeah, hes in a bit of a slump,...
Drink more!!!!!!!! https://imgur.com/kvAi9Uz
Looking good! Your turn Rizzo...
If we had a runner on third every time Heyward grounded out to second (with l...
This is too true
Lmfao
I laughed.  
#JOE BUCK ON SUICIDE WATCH
#SCORELESS INNING STREAK: 0; TAKE THAT JOE BUCK! 
Ah, lay off that KB.


5 hit inning. 4 runs. 


I like.
I hope Addi's homer is the spark that ignites the flames. I believe in this t...
à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤  TAKE MY ENERGY LACKEY à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤
Fox sports mad they can't play the 20 year old narrative anymore 
[deleted]
(Enters Cubs dugout again)

I just want to tell you good luck. We're all coun...
Hey, it's Enrico Palazo.
Hey friend!
Channel the dark side Lackey.  Let the hate flow through you.  Peace is a lie. 
HE AINT HERE FOR NO HAIRCUT~!@
LACKEY PUMPED THE FUCK UP

HE'S NOT HERE FOR A HAIRCUT
Yes Lackey, "LET'S FUCKING GO!!!"
#FULL-BODY ORGASM INITIATED
#RIZZIOLI RIZZIOLI GIVE ME THE HOMERUNONI!
#FUCK THE WALK ILL TAKE THE HOMER 
FUCK YES MY FRIENDS
Love how happy for Rizzo KB is
Shoutout to Angel Hernandez for not letting him walk
Real talk: I'm so happy for both Addison and Anthony. We didn't even need hom...
Definitely gonna raise their spirits.
They needed them. This is great.
Anybody else a little more calm now?
No, I'm fucking pumped now.
Just a little, now gotta shut em down with our pitching
I'm way more excited. 
I'm zen, fam.
Ask me in the bottom of the 9th
Freedom swings. Alright.
[my shit post is peaking](http://i.imgur.com/dwrpECW.jpg)
Did he just call it a point?!?!?
Lackey, lol. "What the fuck is happening???"
Or, "you fucking kidding me?"
I read it as "are you fucking kidding me"
Bosio's smile on the phone there was like he was calling up a long forgotten ...
Lol Lackey...

"Fucking kidding me...?"
dude the fuck are you talking about maddon "likes the matchup even if it's a ...
TIME TO FUCK THE DH
Only 994 more runs to go!
Correction. 992. Carry on.
992
LET'S MAKE IT AN EVEN 1000
What was Angel Hernandez doing when Fowler crossed the plate?
Wanted a sexy dexy hug.
"Come at me, br-" - Angel Hernandez
Getting in the way. Go Cubs!
standing right in front of it like an idiot. he looked pissed when he got ran...
What do you think he was doing ;)
He was looking for a Rossy style wiener bump?
Did Buck just say Rizzo was using Sczcur's bat?
Yeah, you can see the knob has a 20 written on it. So what you gotta do Rizzy...
Yep
Buck says lots of things.
Yep. Has 20 on the tip. 
They showed a close up of the bat as well
Yes
Yep. Slo-mo showed his name on the bar
Hail Szczur^^^^'s ^^^^bat ! 
With Maeda pitching tomorrow, continuing to chew up the Dodgers bullpen today...
#HAIL SZCZUR
ROMAN EMPIRE IS COMING BACK!
#AVE MATT
I fucking love you Anthony Rizzo 
It's like random people are throwing baseballs on the field the ball is going...
#FUCK THE CARDINALS
Good news for dodger fans just arriving at the game, they can turn around and...
http://i.imgur.com/0eZh24w.gif
Always looking at the bright side.
The way Javy has evolved at the plate cannot be overstated. I mean to improve...
God damn that was a fun inning 
So why wasn't he tossed?
You struck out fam. Chill.
I don't think the Cubs acted this way to the umps the last two games did they?
Nope
No, they did not.
I don't think I've really ever seen these Cubs go off like that.
I saw Dex do it once
Anyone else watching Addi make that totally routine play, and just feel like ...
Man having a long reliever like montgomery to not only limit damage like he d...
Bears or Cubs tomorrow... THAT'LL BE A TOUGH CHOICE
Man, the bears are looking *so* good though!

/s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgk-lA12FBk
Fuck the Packers but still Cubs
That's like choosing between deep dish pizza or steamed broccoli.  Have to go...
Lol don't the bears suck this year? Cubs all the way.
SAID NO ONE EVER
NO QUESTION. CUBS. 
Real tough
Is it though?
absolutely not
monty is going to start next year and throw for a cy young
that was a hilarious yell by those fellers in the stands
Hell they been trying all night to get a ball and they finally got one hahahah
They probably imbibed a few beverages.
whicchever team they're here for i think that's the right move
Still haven't found myself a favorite beverage to imbibe after almost two yea...
Aww that's nice umps aren't all evil
Awww angel baby. Now I love you
Man that was really cool.... Rizzo is the man
That's why Rizzo is the man. Nice to hear that from Angel as well
Not even mad that Heyward struck out because Rizzo is just such a nice young ...
Damn I love Rizzo. Says sorry for walking away on a called strike. Turner wal...
Russell is making great contact. 
Oh well. Liking our odds this game, and thoroughly believe that these Cubs ca...
I mean, if we win tonight, he's gotta pitch Kershaw tomorrow, right? Especial...
No I think they save Kershaw regardless.
i think it's gonna be maeda but maybe he'll sub clayton in at the last minute
Hopefully playoff Kershaw reappears, but you can't depend on that.
Lol Dodgers sub is pissed at that convo. Come on, respect some class. 
Wow Wilson knew something was wrong the moment he threw that
Sucks seeing CJ go down, but he has been impressive. He is going to be an anc...
That was a great tag by Baez. Too bad it didn't mean anything
Wood wood! Still love it, Baez
***THAT LEG REPRESENTS EXPRESS FOR MEN GOD DAMMIT***
Scott, is that you?
not Scott, who dis
Not even mad, nice catch.
Szczur sacrificed his bat for this.
Nice catch. And Bryant is hit by 2 balls in one inning.
It's slightly alarming how much Seager and Pederson look alike.
Pederson is Seager with a douchy hairpiece.
Seager's swing however is much nicer.
Damn the Indians are looking really good.
FUCK THE GOD DAMN INDIANS. FUCK CLEVELAND FANS. FUCK EM. I SWEAR TO GOD THEY'...
Um, no, they're not...
Yes they are, I have messages to prove it
Then those ones are special. The rest, not so much. It's just excitement over...
I would disagree. I know a bunch of Indians fans (live in Ohio), and that's h...
Ohio born and raised. Not getting the same impression. *shrug*
They got a few days to cool off.
All about hitting the starters and limiting their extra base hits. They're go...
...why am I getting California proposition ads in Illinois?
I mean hell I'm getting them in Massachusetts lol.
California paid national TV rates just to air it for the people on cali.
Exactly... Peoria Il don't give no fucks about Prop 61
Peoria over here too my friend! All I have to do here is support my cubbies!
God bless. Times like these I wish the Chiefs were still Cubs affiliated so w...
HE DID THE VROOM VROOM!
[Another one] (http://i.imgur.com/vO1sHmy.gif) for Rizzo!
there's something about Sexy Dexy's smile. it makes me feel...things.
My team has enjoyed [this](http://imgur.com/a/ZJq5m) in years past but for so...
Tonight we shall set aside our differences and fuck the Dodgers together.
that is hilarious 
This is just a photo of me right now though...how do you have access to my la...
http://imgur.com/iZcUNxH
Well I'm staying away from r/baseball for a week at minimum
My body is ready. 
That's just what I want to hear.... Thunderstruck before a Cubs game. Fuck yo...
Everyone pray for limited Urias closeups.
Sloth love Chunk.
We should just hit him out of the game in the 1st just to be sure
Hope this isn't a controversial opinion

I hate Joe Buck
Balk as fuck
He's 20
I LIKE TURTLES!!
Thanks Joe Buck
Thanks, Joe. Riveting commentary
hey rizzo ur not gonna get hits if you swing at shit high 
why are there so many damn dick pill commercials. 
Remember the demographic for baseball, older men
i feel like those cali guys need a little boost with their lifestyles 
Because Rizzo is making all of our dicks soft
Hopefully they'll help the Cubs limp bats. 
Lackey contemplating homicide ... as usual.
"slides right into the bag" about a foot to the left but k
Willson with no regard for Ginger life
FIRED THE FUCK UP 

LETS GO BOYS
Holy balls Wilson! What a hose! What a tag! 

#NOW LET'S FUCKING GO!
There's a spark. Let's use it to get some goddamn offense going.
That was one of the best throws to second I've ever seen. On the opposite sid...
TELL ME AGAIN HOW OLD URIAS IS, JOE BUCK 
LETS GO BAEWARD!
FUCKING FUCK LETS GO. GOOD CONTACT ADDI
Fuck yeah
at bars looking so much better tonight
Freudian slip?
Another fucking hit to the track. Fuck. Off. 
Those kinds of errors are the kinds of things you HAVE to capitalize on in th...
"He just put on a show... a couple seasons ago."
At least they kept it consistent and tore apart Pederson's swing too 
Lackey is going to murder Hernandez at some point tonight 
Absolutely no evidence fingers are completely down. Inconclusive.
All you shit holes blaming Contreras he was turning and diving all at the sam...
Well if that isn't luck in our favor I don't know what is.
Next time Hayward should probably not lob it.
Take the good fortune and run with it Cubsbros
If the call had originally been safe, probably would've stayed that way. Afte...
Joe Buck doesn't care about Cubs people.
"Bryant, one of two bright spots for the Cubs."

WTF?
Hitting this post season it's him and Baez 
What about our pitchers?
Oh, so for like these postseason announcers who know two Cubs names. Got it.
Catchers spot has also been pretty good.
Was Larry king using a flip phone?
I feel like Rizzo goes behind 0-2 every AB
Someone check to make sure that's still Anthony Rizzo
Jesus Christ Rizzo why
Rizzo might as well be swinging a dildo out there. 
"And second guessing everything we say"

Lester thinking: Well yeah, you guys...
jesus christ guys can you kindly shut the hell up about the drought
This. We're facing fantastic pitching. If we make it to WS, I assure you wors...
It's Joe Buck, what do you expect
Joe Buck is quietly eating a ketchup-covered hot dog this inning.
Hope it's made of crow
no dude i'm talking about the people ITT it's ridiculous
ah ok. Yeah I get the bitching though 
THEY WERENT EXPECTING THE SPANISH INQUISITION.

Er, I mean a bunt.
FUCKING RIGHT CHICAGO
Fucking Pedro Baez, I have work in the AM.
Right? By the time he gets through two innings Urias will be 21 lol
There will be a bunch of skeletons in the dugout.
#YOU GET A HIT, YOU GET A HIT, EVERYONE GETS A HIT
THEYRE LAUGHING THEY'RE HAVING FUN THIS IS OUR FUCKING YEAR. 
[deleted]
Props for the bunt replay. That was a HUGE AB that I'm sure we already forgot.
I'd like to let everyone know I changed my flair before that inning 
DON'T YOU EVER FUCKING CHANGE IT AGAIN, CASTRO IS GONE, LET HIM GO!
I kind of love that you knew what my flair was
I'm sure you'd have reminded everyone sooner or later. 
Don't hate on my Castro love. Most "Cubs fans" don't remember he was the brig...
I wasn't hating your Casto love, Casto is awesome. I was giving you a little ...
Haha well wasn't sure. I said Hendricks wasn't an ace once and got hammered f...
You da real MVP.
à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤ TAKE MY ENERGY LACKEY à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤
No, don't take his energy he sits on his ass all day!
i mean you're not wrong but that just means i ain't using it
"Are you fucking kidding me!?"

And he doesn't get tossed? Grow a pair blue.
LACKEY YOU EQUINE BEAUTY
lifetime supply of sugar cubes en route.
\#BanterBuddies
#BANTERBUDDIES4LYFE
Lackey is about to go full Super Saiyan this game
Lackey has massive balls
Man last time I got taco bell jake hit a 3 run bomb. This time the cubs score...
**UPVOTE GARAGE DOOR TEETH BECAUSE HE'S BEING A BEAST**
ARE YOU FUCKING SORRY!!!!!!
AND WITH THAT IT LOOKS LIKE EVERYBODY ON THIS TEAM HAS WOKEN UP BABY FUCK YEAH
LAD grand slam wouldn't even tie it.

FeelsGoodMan
#HE IS RIZZEN! HE IS RIZZEN INDEED! HALLELUJAH!
That's some quality reverse Bartmaning Cubs fans!
Even Joe Buck fooled me on that one!
I really miss Len and JD. We'd be properly going apeshit over that now. 
Sync up!

*edit Pat and Ron, of course, although Len is on right now
If the Fox Sports delay wasn't so fucking huge I'd have The Score up in a hea...
I use the At Bat app and pause either it or the DVR until they match up.  Usu...
hmm. pausing the Fox app just delays it more, and restarting At Bat after pau...
Almost 4 HRs in two at bats.
Keep going to that pen, Roberts. Time to burn through those arms for tomorrow.
More old styles = more home runs
Scientifically proven
Dont stop chugging until you hear Pete Rose eat his own shit
I've been at work, but I just had to login to tell you that I heard all of yo...
Feels good man
get your ears out of my asshole
But what if my ear in your ass is what tells the bball gods to bring on the A...
Will Lackey ever not look like he's dying? 
It's only the fifth inning and we still have a lotta baseball left, but I fee...
Come on Lackey. Keep those points off the board.
"Are you fucking kidding me?" Good ol' John.
On the positive Lackey can make a relief appearance now
Lackey gets three sugar cubes for his performance tonight. 
I believe he's earned four.
Is 3.5 fair?
Reasonable. On behalf of Lackey I accept this arrangement.
Lackey did fantastic.
That's heartbreaking. That pitch was perfect. That was us out of the inning. ...
Lackey is going to have an aneurysm
Is it just me or do we never get an easy 1-2-3 inning?
I'm losing my buzz, so I'm chugging at least one regardless of the outcome of...
Just do it already! Do it!
yeah i think i'm coming up short i might join you
^ team player
How about a KB walk and a Rizzo grand slam
I can go with this... needs to be patient though, make him throw a pitch, a w...
1 part granted.
This man may be onto something. 
Part 1 complete
HAIL SZCZUR('S BAT)!!!!
Guys, the Cubs are BACK! LETS GOOOOO
Did y'all know that this team is pretty good?
I'd heard rumors
I forgot for a couple games. Glad for the reminder.
>hello yes i am here to watch the best team in the majors play some baseball ...
Kawasaki? Is that you?
HE'S BACK
who the fuck ground up sczur and put him in a bat?
If this is what lackey is capable of awakening in the cubs.... oh, annoying b...
Someone make that a gif and add an old arcade game "pew, pew" when Rizzo shoo...
It's very possibly that Matt's bat is slightly shorter since he's only 6'0" a...
That delay was so long that I forgot we were still batting.
My god,You guys have RISP again!
If they pitch Kershaw on 3 days rest and we light him up, that would be so aw...
I will take this black magic voodoo bullshit. Dodgers are fucking IMPLODING. ...
I love each and every one of you. I want you to know that. 
http://imgur.com/fPySyCJ.jpeg
Save some runs from tomorrow pls
wow... the wheels are coming off the Dodgers tonight... Let's hope they fuck ...
Lester is going to be out for fucking blood tomorrow.  And I fucking love it....
Sit your ass down Joc
How does pederson not get fucking tossed for that shit?
That is some restraint by Hernandez not to toss Joc's ass out of here
Good to see the dodgers ran out of funding for paying off the umps
Could we get a gif of Larry King sitting looking half dead when everyone else...
Aaaaaaand that's why Maddon kept Monty in.   He looked sharp despite giving u...
Omg I love Rizzo
That's how you get the borderline stuff. Rizzo is now in with Angel, while th...
Russell would have 3 home runs tonight if the game were at Wrigley.
That was a nice little moment :')
Bears are probably relieved that the Cubs are taking the pressure off of thei...
The Bears are playing tomorrow? I legit didn't know that I've been so consume...
Haha, yes. I only know because 670 still gets their Bears segments in through...
Odd. I listen to 670 all week. I think i've seriously just blocked the Bears ...
Mully and Hanley usually have NFL guys in the morning, but no you certainly h...
....did Buck and Smoltz actually just compliment the Cubs?
Carl always looks like a little leaguer wearing his older brother's cap. And ...
Be healthy Carl.
Aw man ball 4 robbed us of a great tag and throw.
I think if the guy commits to the steal like that and gets thrown out it shou...
Anthony Rizzo: more hits since the fifth inning than he's had this entire pos...
NLCS Game 4: How Rizzo got his Mojo back 
(old italian lady yelling out window) "Anthony Rizzo you be home in time for ...
Fuck LeBron
All the fans behind home plate that are still there are on their phones. I ca...
They all keep waving to the people they are talking to on the phone. I just d...
It's LA. Most of the people show up to sporting games to be hip and cool whil...
Probably bitching on the Dodgers subreddit like most of the people here were ...
I went to Dodger stadium last month and got field level seats and a whole fam...
Good contact. 
Oh how the turntables
Doesn't take rocket appliances to figure that one out
Just the way she goes, boys. Way she goes.
Pass me a piss jug, I'm not getting off the couch until this game is final. 
#SzczurBat
I'm just so giddy right meow.
Hey guys, remember sad little /r/Cubs? This thread is about to hit 9,000 comm...
i've never seen a sub switch like that.
So what's the deal with that place? I was lost over there for like a year a c...
[this explains it best](https://www.np.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/3...
I feel bad for those who post there unaware of this sub.
Wow, 26 replies over there...
It's like seeing a kid's birthday party with no-one there. Part of me wants t...
Honestly it makes me kinda sad. They should be here with us, man
Weasel words "would likely raise prices on prescription drugs".
3-5 for Russell and Rizzo, tis' a good night!
Our boys are back
"another hit for Russell!" I like the sound of that
Sergio got a hellacious stache
Nice mustache, Russell


#Let's Go
Haven't been around the game threads much for obvious reasons but I just want...
"Are you fucking kidding me?" -Lackey
Urias at 37 pitches through 2 innings, everybody
Starter pitch count doesn't matter much in this game. The Dodgers are probabl...
For sure. More meant as a sign of deeper abs
Rich hill was at 41 yesterday...that turned out well
That is also not this game.
Wasn't Hill at even more pitches last night? 
But I thought you guys said that the game was over when the Cubs went down 1-...
Not gonna name names but there's this one fucking dude that always kind of ge...
Remember at the beginning when they said the "key to the game" for the Cubbie...
The worst kinds of ignorant "fans." Fuck everyone of them. And from last nigh...
Surprised we bothered to play this game at all considering how many people he...
Hi guys and girls 
#The cubs are gonna win today â™«
I DON'T LIKE THE DODGERS!!!!! 
THANK GOD THE CUBBIES ARE PLAYING TONIGHT SO I DON'T HAVE TO WATCH THAT SHITS...
Time for the other red C logo'd team to head to the WS (no, not the Reds).
Fortune cookie I just got... "You will take a pleasant journey to a faraway p...
No one wants to go to Cleveland
I want the Cubs to play there next week. Cleveland wasn't too bad right near ...
rip jo
We are going to win. 

Cubs won the first game. Dodgers won the next two. So ...
Why do people hate the Cubs? We're a club that hasn't won championships. Is i...
people have a problem with our fanbase moreso than our team.
people have a problem with our fanbase moreso than our team.
Yeah I was talking about baseball at work today and really didn't realize so ...
Haters gonna hate.
Because it's only fun to root for a team who's good for their first year. Loo...
Just ate 18 nuggets and took a glass of whiskey. Lets go cubbies. 
Holy fuck that was one hell of an anthem!
Lol that Urias video
Looks like a balk to me...
My hotel doesn't have FS1 in the rooms, but it does in the bar. 

Guess where...
In the dumpster getting left over pizza since the hotel bar drink prices are ...
Work trip. Reimbursed. 
Some sort of drinking establishment
A hotel!
2spooky
Schwarber hitting homeruns even when he's not playing.
....in what fucking way is that not a balk? Are the Dodgers now the Packers/P...
Angel Hernandez is behind the plate?! Somebody get Steve McMichael!!!
Linebacker McMichael, pro wrestler McMichael, or current McMichael? 
Steve McMichael. The baseball ump.
Damn it there are too many Steve McMichaels!
Hey Rizzo, so um, when you going to show up buddy?
Rizzo needs to turn the game from hall of fame mode back to rookie
I'm at a bar without the sound, thank the lord 
I'm gonna go to the Dodgers GDT and steal some upvotes by telling them Lackey...
Hey, what do you guys think of Joe Buck
He seems like a pretty level headed guy who definitely hasnt been pissing me ...
Don't ask stupid questions.
scrappy young kid has a future
That was worth a hit for Addy
Damn that got me hype as fuck
Nice beard Urias. Looks like my balls did at 12. 
Hit foul balls all night for all I care Jason 
I just don't know what I expect from our offense
fucking hell that gave me a serious heart palpitation
Fucking Christ why can't that just be a home run! Seriously what did we do to...
They keep this up and the Eamus Catuli sign is gonna have a section with an i...
At least Heyward worked him for some pitches. What more can we ask from him
It's sad that what he's doing is tolerable
Absolutely. He better get to work this summer
Um a hit? Lol
I have watched him way too many times this season to have expectations like t...
He was given a ton of good pitches to hit that AB and did nothing with them 
That really about it, his mechanics are just off
EVERYTHING just barely squeaks through
Yeah, I'm going to stick to this GDT... Dodgers fans are downvoting Cubs flai...
Because you're ripping on Urias when nobody outside of the Cubs thinks it's a...
Plenty of people think it's a balk, and I wasn't just talking about me.
good choice
Yeah, but here, you have to deal with the insane overreactions from October f...
You know you want some sugar cubes, Lackey 
"Too much information in the game" what????
john is going to run over there and literally strangle angel hernandez if thi...
Salty as all fuck. 
holy fuckin CASTROPHEW.GIF
YEAH FUCK YOU GONZO
Thank god for bad camera angles
Wowowowow. Put an asterisk by that one.
They just replayed them screaming "fuck"! lol
WE GOT A BREAK NOW LETS FUCKING CAPITALIZE CUBBIES!!!!!
If he was called safe and the Cubs challenged, he would of stayed safe.  I gu...
[deleted]
Anyone notice how they show Dodger stats from regular season to look good and...
can someone explain to me how that isn't a balk?
Enough is enough. Baez needs to hit behind Bryant. I'm sorry, but Rizzo is a ...
Jose Urias' haircut makes him look like a skunk!
Rizzo just looks so defeated ðŸ˜•
With the amount of balks that guys should have already I don't want to hear a...
Welp, if Rizzo can't figure this out, I am not sure where we can go.  KB gett...
The Rizzo Award: For the worst playoff performance ever.
KB works a hard fought walk. Rizzo gets put out of his misery on three pitches 
NO

INTERVIEW

NO
Space Slam, starring Heyward, Addi, and Rizzo as themselves.
Lol people losing their shit over the Gonzalez review.... No way you can say ...
I'm going to have nightmares about seeing Larry King peering at me from afar...
Facebook: "What the Final Presidential Debate tonight"

lol no
#FUCK JOE BUCK 
#FUCK FS1
#FUCK THE DOGERS!!
#LETS FUCKING GO!! 
A RUN!!!!!! A RUN!!!!!
#VROOM VROOM, MOTHERFUCKER
FINALLY WE GET ONE OF THOSE DEEP FLY BALLS TO GO!!!!
I want to hit a home run for the Cubs just so I can wiener bump with Gramps.
Did you know that Urias is the youngest pitcher in post season history to onl...
good for you guys, let's go boys
john lackey induced a pitcher change give him the mvp
The fearless 20 year-old pitcher is GONE!!
V'ROOM V'ROOM MOTHERFUCKER
Is this what offense feels like?  Because it feels so good!
So an ant fell into my scotch and the Cubbies started to heat up. I decided t...
[deleted]
That really ruined FOXs "unbelievable 20 year old" narrative
If Rizzo dongs it in this game I'll post a video of me eating one of my cubs ...
Ready to pay up?
can I send you bitcoin instead
Eh I'd say a video of you eating a hat is roughly the same cost as a bit coin...
But it's now a lucky hat
If I had the inclination I'd love to go back and link all the posts from yest...
I will be the first to admit I was saying that Russell if anyone should've be...
No worries, total respect for owning it. This is the right attitude. We would...
I said it, I'll own up to it
See, this! I love this. Right attitude. It's all good making judgment calls, ...
Thank god for Baez now I can watch a substantial amount of the debate between...
god i hate this guy hes slow af
Fowler has the best smile in sports. no homo.
So glad I don't have to watch him balk anymore this game 
#OFF BY ONE 
Time for Lackey to go out there and shut those fools down
If we feel a weight off our shoulders, imagine how the players feel. Whew.
Let today be the day where we say "Nobody shuts out the Cubs for 22 innings!"
Alright Lackey, time to shut these fucks down!
Did you hear all the Cubs fans cheering in LA during that rally? Awesome.
>Official Roster Update - A Message From Joe Maddon

"Hello, r/ChiCubs. I wou...
Premature Cialis ad
This meeting of a bunch of grown men grouped in a circle is brought to you by...
If Rizzo gets a hit I will literally cry. 
If Rizzo gets a hit I will drink an Old Style.
Really putting yourself out there, eh?
I miss the Rizzo "head burrow into first base coach's chest" move :(
one of the few ways this game could get better right now
the only thing I want :'( you can see how upset he is that he's barely had a ...
LACKEY GETS TWO SUGAR CUBES FOR SNAPPING OFF THAT EXCELLENT BREAKING BALL
http://static3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130205205639/lotr/images/8/81/Ori.jpe...
Remember how much we used to hate Lackey acting like this? Now its like our c...
Lackey is exactly what we needed. Just fucking amped! Dude seems like he was ...
fuckin love that recap of gonzalez being sad after commercials
[deleted]
WHERES THE FUCKER THAT SAID HE'D EAT HIS HAT IF RIZZO HIT ONE?
#RIZZO
Hot damn Zobrist really opened this up with that bunt.
***Everyone is fucking...
HE STRAIGHTENED IT OUT!!!
**RIZZ IN MY PANTS**
I'm crying for Rizzo right now, that is so good for him!!!!! 
RIZZ ON ME!!!!
can someone make a gif of that Bryant hug holy fuck
##FUCKING FINALLY##
HERES THE FUCKING HITS WE WERE WAITING FOR BOYS
RIZZO DONG I FUCKING KNEW IT! Looks like Tony remembered how to hit... Uh oh...
Rizzo's [alive!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7Ln04baGik)
I THINK IM FUCKING CRYING I KOVE YOU RIZZO YOURE FUCKING BACK BABY!!!! LETS F...
FS1 can shove those shitty Rizzo&Russell statistics up their derriÃ¨re 
Guys I can't keep taking these shots every time they score a run. Fuck it I'l...
#SLUMPBUSTER
That's a good spot for Cubs fans to go for a souvenir 
Could you imagine being a huge cubs fan, going for a foul ball in a playoff g...
The funny thing is that a similar play happened in Game Two in 03 right behin...
Almost Benzo
That camera man is a Cubs fan.
Hopefully this game means that our bats are awake now. I'd be a lot more conf...
Damn Zo just missed. 
Reddick was just trying to meet that blonde in the front row
Damn, I was hoping that Javy was going to have a shot at one of those grooved...
http://i.imgur.com/MeEa3qX.jpg


mfw watching the Cubs bats wake up.
Those first couple innings were scary, but this is just amazing.
THIS is the Cubs team I remember.  
Great to see Rizzo and Russell finally break out.

Hope this can last for the...
Is that Larry King's granddaughter or his wife?
Yes.
#LetsGo
I am now about 9000% more confident in this team right now after these couple...
HE'S CUT!  HE'S CUT!  YOU SEE.  THEY'RE NOT A MACHINE.  THEY'RE ALL MEN!
I have so much unadulterated animosity toward Toles
Lackey looks like he's about to murder some kittens
eh idk about this move. i trust joe's judgement though
I need a gif of that soo badly! Please deliver reddit I believe in you! 
Sorta feel bad for Lackey.
Can someone pls explain to me why how the fuck Steven Hawking drives a jaguar!?
This is how the playoffs go. I get that lackey is mad, but he walked the bott...
Could be worse.
Could be way better too
But it could be worse.
i swear that i didnt saw in any game that i watched this season (80+ i think?...
the dodgers have a shit bullpen remember that we can score more
Castrowhew.gif
Wow I was really scraping the bottom of the pot to find more lucky lentils to...
Can't help falling in love with you 
Haha, aww, thanks man
*roots around in pantry* I have some fucking lentils here somewhere...
Ahaha! Well these are a special store brand of lentil from a certain store!
good god I will send you a very overpriced gift certificate to that store. #l...
Oh my gosh! Aha, well you really don't have to. I can just like go down tomor...
God bless you
Thanks man!
How dare some of you jerks talk down on Monty.  Quality right here.
I forgot what offense looked like this is beautiful and I love it 
GONNA NEED THAT WRIGLEY FUCK THE DH SIGN STAT
https://i.imgur.com/deY3gwK.gif
My hero <3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koJlIGDImiU
This offense looks familiar 
Matt Szczur MVP!
[Oh baby](http://imgur.com/gallery/onvnC)
I've missed that smile. Haven't seen it too much this October.
I do feel it's back, and I am glad
I hope it stays.
I love this so much
FUCK BUCK
Obviously there was a "run clog". I heard Ron Santo describe it once. 
since we got two runs out of it, I'll go ahead and say that was a beautiful c...
Sweet fucking Theo this feels good
https://youtu.be/dLWdFeefFIA

Dodgers being Dodgers 
Vin Scully: "That's embarrassing"
Lol at Kershaw jumping out of the way
Somebody needs to edit that play with yakety sax 
Who wants to chug a beer with me?
I'm there
Me plz.
Meeeee 
Why not three? 
Come on, guys. KB's eyes are made of diamonds. You think he can't peer throug...
This team is making me so bi-polar.  They either do absolutely nothing, or pu...
He's been one of the few who hasn't looked scared at all. I agree he needs to...
And it's only the 6^th inning.
He can, but not as good as Heyward. As bad as his bat is, he's a tremendous a...
I guess in that case, I'd sit Zobrist tomorrow.   At least to me, I think Con...
Contreras also has tremendous value as a PH and replacement C after Grandpa l...
Oh c'mon. We got Montero to hit grand slams off the bench right? :)

I like this
With Contreras' arm, I'd feel better with him in right
If we're not playing Heyward then yeah, his arm is a cannon. On the other han...
For the future, that's huge.  He's basically played Schwarber out of the catc...
Here's your friendly reminder to mute the tv and put the radio boys on. At Ba...
Doing the same, even with no sync it is WELL worth it.
It's actually not terrible right now! 

But Pat and Ron are the best....would...
This is the best advice of the night...well , except for "the bat"
how do you sync the timing? teach me. (also streaming the game)
It's actually pretty matched up right now honestly. Otherwise, I'm in the min...
The FS1 stream (don't have cable) is just WAY behind the radio...wish I could...
Ah that does suck. I just can't stand national broadcasters so I wouldn't car...
Was listening earlier actually--didn't hear Hughes for two innings, was Len i...
Len always does the fifth inning, it was just especially long today. 
Yeah, been doing that since game 1. Can't stand the president of the Kershaw ...
The Cubs have scored 15 runs in their last 25 offensive innings.

**5**000000...
Kershaw we coming for you, boi
Lol Joc, shut your ass up. Surprised Angel hasn't tossed anyone yet.
GET TOSSED JACQUE! YOU SPELL YOUR NAME WRONG AND YOU SUCK 
We're average 9 runs per game against the Dodgers when not facing a starter w...
#1 2 3
[deleted]
Honestly, being up 10-2, I'd be interseted in taking Monty out before this in...
Yes let Grimm or someone in. 
Absolutely agree.
Put in Clayton Richard?
Slept in my Baez shirt last night, definitely doing that again tonight
I'm enjoying this game now.
Class act boys.
I did not realize angel Hernandez was such a sweet heart
Rizzo is such a big sweetheart^aslongashekeepshitting
As long as he keep shitting.... Oh... Nvm
rizzo is a nice guy
Addi took an addy and is FEELING IT 
Love that contact by Russell. If he and rizzo get hot it's game over 
Joe looks like the type of guy that drinks his coffee black out of a Gatorade...
Bourbon
Pretty sure it's tea.
It's malort.
Could someone give Joe Buck with some fentanyl?  Maybe he'll sound better hig...
Or some hair implants 
i love you guys to death but i really need a breather, i'm gonna lay down on ...
Bye friend see you soon!
THE GAME WILL STILL BE ON AND I WILL BE PAYING ATTENTION LET ME BE CLEAR ABOU...
Does Edwards Jr not eat? 
Oh believe me, Carl's gonna eat. 

Only Carl's Jr. french fries.
He seriously needs an endorsement deal with them yesterday.
no. he waits.
Sucks that Lackey can't get a W tonight. He pitched really damn well.
Do you need 6 innings for a win? I thought it was 4 or 5
It's 5. Lackey only pitched 4
Ah, I got mixed up. Thanks!
I am so happy and drunk right now.
Same fam
Me too fam
Same
You're the man Jimothy
What happened to Slim Reaper? Did he go temporarily insane
> Slim Reaper

how have I never seen this name used before
I dunno because I do it in big bold print every time he takes the mound. 
Haha, in the regular season or just the postseason? My refresh skills aren't ...
Just the post lol  
What happened? I've had the game on mute since the bottom of the 3rd.
I know it was ball four but... That was amazing
Holy shit Willson 
Man I love Contreras.  

So what's everybody think about the Edwards injury? ...
Thinking he pulled/strained something. Doubt he'll be available tomorrow. May...
Looked like something was tight. No biggie probably. 
Probably just a little twinge/uncomfortableness. No need to push it when you'...
http://imgur.com/amb0xtG

I feel ya, guys.
:')
IKR? I freaking love this team.
I got drunk and the Cubs scored 10 in game 4

I went to Florida on the Brian ...
I think you need to get drunk in Florida
Mark that NSFW dude 
Love you
I just want to say wow at all the empty seats behind home plate.  I can't ima...
To be honest I'm surprised we haven't seen more of the piss yellow seats duri...
Sad!
Larry King had to go back to his coffin
THE SZCZUR BAT
Szczur your bat is no longer your bat
I'll hand it Puig, that a was a fine looking catch.
Left hamstring tightness for CEJ.  
Whose turn is it to go massage him?
I'll go!
[Rizzo using Szczur's bat is like Homer using wonderbat](http://static-media....
I think that was a strike, but I also think Angel wants to go home.
Wow....Dodger fans are really weak.  All those empty seats. 
Yeah really sad. Surprised they don't allow fans to move up so the team isn't...
Have you ever been in LA traffic? I'd leave too.
http://m.imgur.com/gallery/Vf2vTBy

At the game right now stands are emptying...
So what I'm hearing Carl's Jr's hamburger was overcooked?
I have 2 beers left. Considering whether I should finish them or not
Yes

are you the guy who started out with 18?

...i salute you
No...only 10 tonight
SAVE THE LUCKY BEERS FOR TOMORROW. 
2 isn't enough for a night. I'll have to get more regardless.
Clearly lucky beers for tomorrow and Saturday. 
I have 2 beers left. I'm going to finish them.

...is what you should have said.
Last time I had 2 beers left after a game we lost two in a row. Drink all of ...
Deal.
How is Murphy's that empty? I've gone there on non Cub games and had trouble ...
Well, it is Wednesday night.
Idk 20 something Cubs fans can usually rally the next day for work
hundreds of postcoital cigarettes outside
Everyone is face down on Sheffield I guess
your flair is my new motto
Settle down Buck, your Cardinals is showing.
Didn't watch the game tonight due to work. Missed the party here! I guess we ...
I'm pretty sure this is all due to my generous fellatio of the BABIP gods.
Well keep fellating then damnit! Praise be!
Wait, you fellated them too?! They told me it was up to me to save our team b...
Directly before the 4th. It coincided with my flair change.
ADDYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Smoltz is shiny
Approaching the 4-hour mark...
Three hits for Russell, three for Rizzo. Me likey. 
I went over to the Dodgers subreddit, cuz stuff. And they are saying that Joe...
Because, for the umpteenth time, this is what national broadcasters do.  They...
Joe Buck hates all franchises equally?
It does not matter what team Joe Buck likes. Joe Buck hates your team no matt...
They're supposed to get amped up for the team that's doing well, otherwise an...
I saw that on just general social media too.  That he was all for Chicago.  A...
The correct answer is fuck Joe Buck 
Guess Joe Buck is impartial.
I think so. I think he's not nearly as bad as everybody makes him out to be. ...
Everyone thinks the national broadcaster hates their team. I don't like Buck,...
Because he's terrible. Nobody's fans like him. 
Buck's dad was a longtime Cardinals broadcasting hero, an amazing booth guy. ...
Maybe he's so on-narrative because he's a stupid robot, that he only has the ...
I don't hate him, but what you say makes sense. he's a Buck of all trades, ma...
To everyone who stayed patient and positive - you are wise fans. We have a wa...
can we just be glad we are winning and not start "i told you so" ing?
Honestly? No. They **should** be called out. Because they're just trying to b...
I think that this sort of post breaks rule 3 of the sub. Who are you to tell ...
We look like a bunch of assholes. 
Smoltz somehow found a way to suck Urias' cock after he gave up 4 runs. Fucki...
Not listening to FS1 crew what'd he say?
How his line score will be misleading or some stupid shit. 
Lmao his line score will be indicative of the fact that over the course of hi...
Right? How is the line score misleading? Oh yeah, except for all the hits and...
That was disgusting to listen to. 
Let's not piss all over Monty there. He wasn't far from snagging that. He get...
But we didn't need a force at home. He lets it go and we have a DP and are ou...
Plus it's not like he thought through a decision he's a baseball player that'...
Absolutely. A ball comes within arm's length, you try and snag it.
Seconded 
Urias is 20 years old. I am 20 years old. Clearly very similar and I suck at ...
http://imgur.com/ixJCduq
And they literally just added a tornado warning.  Hold me.
[MRW THE OFFENSE FINALLY STARTS GOING](https://images.rapgenius.com/2bc515d09...
I figured it out. I was drinking tequila for game 1 and we scored 8 runs. Bee...
Hero
Also drank heavily for Game 1. Drinking heavier tonight. 
I've seen so many comments using weird juju as an excuse to drink

I do the e...
I just ate 6 hot dogs so that must mean it's almost game time
HOT DOGS!
Holy shit, did you use ketchup?
Why would he use ketchup?
Well that's why I asked!
Do I look like some kind of communist?
Well you know what fucker, does it look like I can see you?!
I'm very well known on the 'internet' so you've probably 'seen' me around
Oh you're right, it's you, Dave!
Yes, it is me, Dave the not communist.
Kevin is that you? 
i dreamt the cubs went off offensively for like 9 runs
sploosh
http://i.imgur.com/Y2WJpIi.gif
Great bot, or greatest bot?
Go back to sleep!
We got this... tonight is our night.  We're gonna come out swinging and conne...
LETS GO CUBBIES!!! 
Ladies and gentlemen: 

Regardless of what happens this evening, I think we c...
Don't worry I'm here
....is buck wearing lipstick?
"Hi I'm Joe Buck I don't know why I'm still allowed to announce baseball game...
I've said it before. He must have Polaroids of some Fox exec fucking a sheep ...
He had a Dad with talent.
So did Kenny Albert. Doesn't make either of them their dad. 
All right lads, we've got horse face vs. wonky eye in a battle for the ages. ...
\#TeamHorse
I can't say 'neigh' to that.
Game 3 of Buck sucking off Kershaw with a feature Montage! 
I said it earlier but I will repeat my prediction for proof.

We struggle ear...
How is that not a balk
I don't even wanna know what happens to this thread if someone gets picked off
It has a meltdown.... 

But seriously, I don't know how he's getting away wit...
I thought it was too, like forsure. But the rule book has hint of grey area w...
Guys, the Red Sox came back against the FUCKING YANKEES, down 3-0. 2-1 is not...
Jesus, all your nicknames in quotes are way off 
Well aren't you just a bright ball of sunshine. 
Kenley has been elite for years mate 
Cubs gotta be more aggressive on the first pitch this game.
honestly rizzo is slumping cus he hasn't been hit by a pitch in awhile
So Buck just said 90% chance LA wins at home. 
He's been sucking Dodger dick all series. Not surprising for a Cards fan, I s...
Must be the hair transplants talking.
Buck is a jabroni, don't listen to him 
Is that, like, a hockey word?
I don't think so, it's more of a NJ thing
It was an always sunny reference :) 
Oh, I'm ashamed. I binged that whole series this summer. Whoosh
Haha it's okay, it happens to the best of us. Plus it was one joke in one epi...
He's 20. DRINK. 
I'd buy that 20yo twenty drinks right now.
He can't
I want to drink beer so bad ðŸ˜©

Tea it is.....
U got this! Tea is hardcore man!
It's lemonade 
Why can't you drink? 
Sickness
I can't have sugar this month because I'm fat af and trying to cut out sugar ...
Hahah awww....sure we can
Tea and liquor I hope.
Tea is the best!
Why can't you?
Sick
Oh sorry to hear that.
I have to be at work at 520 tomorrow, I'm drinking already though...
So uh, all these Cialis and Viagra adds are making me a little uncomfortable....
Hey man, dudes can't get boners.  It is what it is.
I know, but I am 22 and it makes me not look forward to life in a few decades.
[This is fine](http://i.imgur.com/EWeacqI.jpg)
How old's this pitcher, again?
He's 20! -  Joe Buck
"He's 20 but he's good"
>.083

NotLikeThis
"Don't be fooled by his reactions or sometimes his reactions."

What? Why rep...
We need some Bill Murray up here in this bitch 
A Bill Murray flair would be awesome.
Just a Jimmy John's hat
this
So if it hits the ground then you it's still a HBP?
IT DOESNT MATTER IF IT HIT THE DIRT ITS STILL A HBP!!!!
It's still a HBP if it hits the ground, guys 
Baez? Error? WHAT IS WRONG WITH THE WORLD?
"God damnit, let's fucking go" I hear ya Lackey 
I FUCKING FEEL YOU LACKEY LETS FUCKING GO BOYS. LETS PLAY OUR FUCKING GAME
Lackey breathing fire and it might be just what we need. Smiles and goofy out...
GET MAD LACKEY. GETS FUCKING GO BABY
Thank god for Lackey's emotion.  Nice to see some fire on this team at the mo...
WILLSON
Yeah! That's how you wrap up an inning!
HE'S OUT BITCH
Holy shit I didn't realize how much I needed some Lackey in my life until jus...
Turning point time right here! First stellar play on either side of the ball ...
That was well executed by Addy also
I really really like contreras
Smoltz and Buck are the fucking worst. Why can't there be an easy way to sync...
I like Smoltz. Is it just that anybody plus Buck is automatically terrible? O...
I know this isn't popular but I think smoltz is worse. Maybe years of listeni...
Huh. Alright then. My condolences. 
I'm doing that right now, stream the audio through your phone via the tunein ...
nice, i'll try that. Thanks!
Guys I got blocked or something from the Dodgers thread. But Project Garage D...
There's the spark! Lets start the fire!
Pat is right, the Cubs aren't drawing walks, but then again, they went agains...
well, there's that...
Ya but did the same shit yesterday too
There were some attempts, but Hill's breaking stuff is ridiculous, so it's ha...
Good point, just tough seeing good pitches go by after this little scoring dr...
Thanks Joe for your every inning reminder that the Dodgers pitcher is 20.
I was afraid he went and turned 21 in the last inning. Relieved Joe Buck set ...
Every at bat
A Javy walk HAS to be a good omen.
Baez Contreras is the spiciest 5-6 combo in the league
things i am feeling:

- myself

- good

- like this team is going to win
Right over the middle and heyward cant do shit with it...
**JUST TESTING THE WARNING TRACK.**
Always into somebody's glove at the warning track.
We have to take advantage of those situations
at bats looking a lot better, Addy had great contact
God is fucking with us. 
Would've been a homer in Wrigley. This kills happiness.
Can Kris, Willson and Javy have all the at bats?
I know we didn't score - but at least we created some opportunities there. An...
We just let a 20 year old pitcher get out of a one-out, RISP inning completel...
We did what we've done for the last two games. Nothing.
Yeah, Urias isn't gonna last long.
WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM US SIR BABIP
He can't be living middle middle all night, you boys got this tonight. Keys t...
is it safe to say that most of our guys aren't getting hits cause they are al...
I know we do it at Wrigley too but fuck this crowd with fly balls. 

Makes my...
According to WebMD your stomach has cancerous ebola due to your symptoms. I a...
Aw man I'm the only Ebola trained nurse I know
No kidding?
In my family at least! My hospital was an Ebola receiving facility 
That's actually really cool! kudos to you for being brave enough to do that!
A quick stress-free inning is huge here and getting Urias back to work before...
DP WOULD BE NICE
I agree. This could be important.
OH GOD I AM REGRETTING BUYING BUDWEISER ALREADY
Budweiser taste like beans to me for some reason
Just piss in a bottle.  Same diff.
Gotta drink that Coors Light 
Throw away that St. Louis pisswater 
If heyward could just learn to hover directly over the plate and have a few b...
Ah, Angel Hernandez nice to hate you again...but yeah that was outside.
What a lazy throw
That was a bad tag, not a bad throw
that's too close to overturn
God, I fucking hate how every player has to jump up wagging their finger at c...
What an awful fucking tag. Go to the dirt 
With our luck he's safe, and that's the game with our usual offense these las...
Buck, shut the hell up. Quit acting like it was clear as fucking day that he ...
I don't think you can overturn it. Can't definitively say that he got his han...
I agree. It may not be definitive
Fuck yeah it's not. 
Shut the fuck up Gonzalez
#NOW SCORE SOME GODDAMN RUNS, OFFENSE
"K"- offense
WORD
WE MUST CAPITALIZE ON THIS

THE BASEBALL GODS HAVE SPOKEN
Let's be real tho he was totally safe 
WOW.

Talk about catching a break. Holy damn.
That was a gift. 
Just got away with one. 
LACKEY IS GONNA HIT A FUCKING HOME RUN INTO THE OCEAN CALLING IT RIGHT NOW
YES. SUCK A D BUCK AND CO.
Stupid shit. Good for us but I hate games getting fucked up by bad calls. 
Looks kinda safe, but this one definitely falls under "clear case to overturn...
Poor tag and throw, need to be better there. Was quite possibly safe but how ...
How was the throw poor?!
TOOK HIS SWEET TIME AMD LOBBED IT IN. GOTTA GIDDY UP AND USE THAT RIFLE. 
Wasn't very accurate either. Granted, it would be an okay throw for most peop...
we really need to put up a crooked number
and it was a hit straight to heyward... that shouldve been a regular play for...
My observation was that his hand hovered above the plate before the tag and i...
Feels like the NFL way of doing things, has to be 100% conclusive.
WAY TO TAKE A FUCKING WALK KB. GREAT AB. RIZZO I NEED YOU TO SOAK LA IN RIZZ ...
Rizzo :(
Rizzo is worse at the plate than Heyward right now. I feel so embarrassed for...
We've faced like 6 Cy young award winners this postseason. 
Well we make them look like it
Infuriating.
so rizzo forgot how to hit, you know, that pitch that you gotta hit to be a p...
If Rizzo and Russell held their average RBI's per game from the regular seaso...
What are we at..21 consecutive innings without a run?
/r/baseball doesn't like me right now
That sub is an even bigger shitshow than this one is right now 
It's ok, I love you. <3
dodgers fans are down voting in masses
Ya im gonna need a fuck Joe Buck
Fuck that hair plug addicted, Kershaw cock sucking, shitty announcer... 
Fuuuuck Joe Buuuuck
à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤ Cubs offense take my energy
The fuck is a "Nitro Zone?"
That railing must be wet
I think Joe needs to do one of his random things. Bring a magician, or a baby...
They could bring the cubs back to practice with the Cubs. Sacrifice some virg...
Or beat his players with a stick. Whatever works.
Uh what?
Do it right now. Let a parrot make the calls for the rest of the series. Prob...
I had a lecturer on Friday go on a huge rant about how parrots aren't actuall...
Was it a 5 minute lecture? Haha
Haha no the rant was 5 minutes. The lecture was 50
quick question: on the seager hbp the ball clearly hit the ground first. that...
Yeah still a hbp
You can also hit a pitch that bounces first. 
Yes, still counts s hit batter. 
No, not if it hits the ground first.
Pretty sure yes.
Yes.
Not usually
Yes.
unfortunately yes
Yep. Doesn't matter.
Yes.
yes.
#CUBS WILL SCORE 5 RUNS THIS INNING LETS GO
THE ARCHBISHOP OF BUNTERBURY
The saddest thing for me is that these games have not been fun to watch. I ca...
Get some KC magic up in here
The Tigers were destroying the Sox in 2013 in the beginning of that ALCS, 4 s...
A Heyward bomb right now and I will shotgun a beer
Same. I'll shotgun two
I'll do 3
I will join you
[Mrw the Cubs end their scoring drought](https://media3.giphy.com/media/SV5eI...
Let's go!!!!! Javy contreras and kris Bryant have played beautifully this ser...
#GROUND BALL TO SECOND BASE. THIS IS WHAT HE WAS PREPARING FOR ALL YEAR. 
I am SO HAPPY FOR HEYWARD!  I know that he didn't get a hit but he still came...
Fuck yeah J-Hey! ill trade outs for runs any day of the week!
#HEYWARD SAVES A RUN, SCORES A RUN.  
MY FLAIR!!!!
WE ARE FUCKING BACK BOISE
[YESSSS](http://i.imgur.com/DsKL8V3.gifv)
What an epic fucking homer - jeez, like he was saving it all up this post sea...
Hahaha salt is overflowing in /r/baseball I love it.
Mistake for Dodgers: HE'S ONLY 20.
GUESS WHO'S BACK
BACK AGAIN
CUBBIES BACK
I know the deal about erections but should I see the doctor if I've been cumm...
The Russell jersey and a beer never fails!!!
http://a2.mzstatic.com/us/r30/Purple/v4/a9/4a/14/a94a14d0-74c8-5ded-e944-bd83...
Shaved off my beard in the middle of the 3rd inning...now I have to shave eve...
Your shit's gonna be smooth
You fucking better...
I'll send you razors and shaving cream if I have too.  
yeah basically shave off everything to the bone
Ouch
Why did you shave in the first place? 
I feel alive again
I'd like to take this pitching change as a time to shamelessly plug my new pu...
Should have gotten 3 and named them Tinkers, Evers, and Chance!
Congratulations!  Awesome looking pups! Lets goooooo Cubs!!!!
Which is which? 
Addison is the blue merle on the left, and Wrigley is the tri-color on the ri...
Well they are definitely some cuties! 
Going to be busy for a few years!
I had a dog named Wrigley when I was kid. RIP Wrigley
Zobrist appreciation post right here that perfectly executed bunt to start th...
I just screamed like Pee-Wee Herman..  No lie

I've been all over having Russ...
All in favor of forcing Pedro Baez to change his last name to stop people get...
Lord slowballs seems like a better fit.
Pedro Re'Hein D'Lay sounds good
In a few days, it won't be an issue.  :)
#THE WHEELS ON THE CUBS GO ROUND AND ROUND!
Nice of them to talk about how urias' stat line doesn't tell the story about ...
Fowler makes that catch btw.
"Almost makes a spectacular play" well, almost doesn't count. I've seen enoug...
Why can't this team stop swinging at high fastballs?
Bryant striking out bums me out but whatever, what a great inning.
i put my hat on at the beginning of the inning and we score 4 run. coincidence? 
I have a lucky Cubs hat I bought at wrigley during a Jake CGSO last season. I...
IF YOU TAKE THAT HAT OFF, SO HELP ME GOD...
Looks like you're sleeping in that hat.
I think not! 
glue it
Guys, ever since I sat down in a certain way on my couch we started doing goo...
You moved to type this. Dickhead. 
Sat down at the kitchen table. Not that comfortable. So I'm here the rest of ...
Lackey about to continue the train.

Now all we need is a Rizzo bomb (I'll al...
I hope that was enough to wake everyone up. Pile it on here... Light up Kenta...
I've never loved Lackey more than I love him now. I remember watching him pit...
I love Contreras flying into the throwing crouch. He's so tuned in. 
>Let's fucking go

--John Lackey
Haha, we have a war horse you LA punks, we...*dodged* your bullet!
This Lackey reminds me of the one that shut us out in game one of the NLDS la...
#K
I think Lackey's energy is what we needed to get fired up.
Fuck yeah. I love how jacked Lackey gets.
FUCK YEAH JOHN LETS FUCKING GO BOYS LETS PILE ON SOME MORE RUNS !!!!
Lackey is the fucking man btw
#FUCK THE HAIRCUT
My beer of choice tonight is so damned appropriate.

https://untappd.com/b/4-...
HE ISNT HERE FOR A HAIRCUT *closed door*
HE'S HERE FOR A WORLD SERIES *open d...
Good eye RIZZO
FUCK YES RIZZO!

SLUMPS ARE DONE!  FUCK SHIT UP!

FUCK!

SHIT!

UP!
#SLUMP BREAKER
Rizzo and Russell are hitting... League = FUCKED
Fuck yes Rizzo! Fucking fuck yes!
THEY'RE BAAAACCCKKK....
Rizzo and Addy are BACK!!!!!!
I think Joe Maddon just had the biggest sigh of relief in his life
RIZZOLI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love that Bryzzo hug.
Rizzo says fuck your walks... I'm not gonna get one? I'll put it out in the s...

He's Back!!!!!
I'm soooo happy he got that HR!  Not for the game but bc he had that one go r...
Group orgy at my house.
Can we get a gif of that bryzzo man hug? 
Smiles, chatter in the dugout. Love it. Let's fucking go! 
Guys, it might be my pain medication talking (yay, kidney stone!), but I am l...
#WELCOME BACK RIZZO!!!!!
Well! Rizzo, Heyward and Addison, the three people that needed confidence boo...
ITS OFFICIAL OCTOBER 19 IS NATIONAL BUST YOUR SLUMP DAY
Whooee, that was a loud out.
DONG PARTY
I love this team. It's hard to win a World Series and I don't know if they wi...
We don't quit.
We are good.
Top of the 5th and their on their third pitcher, while Lackey still is firing...
*Lackey, but I completely agree.
Fuck me yes him. 
I know you mean Lackey but have an update anyway! 
Yeah. That guy too! 
*Lackey
Damn it yes. 
Y'mean Lackey?
....maybe.
Baez just wants a monster dong and nothing else. 
Is that a short sleeve Cubs hoodie Arrieta is wearing? Anyone know where I co...
I assume you own a pair of scissors
His arms just tore out a regular one
Uh, he just cut it off. DIY 
just spend the night with Jake, he'll lend you the hoodie the next morning
Worth
You shut your whore mouth
I will the minute Jake lets me
**GASP**
I love this Express commercial 
# #wearegood
That's alright, double play ball right here.
DP and I'll chug another beer
Bet you won't do it anyways. 
Your flair D:
I changed it per my deal with the BABIP gods. They were kind, so it stays.
Ahhhh ok.
"That sets a sour taste, not just in your manager's...scenario."  
  
What?
Lackey please don't go full Ortiz in the dugout.
Lackey is PISSED
Well done Lackey. You did great. Thank you for lighting the fire again with g...
Shit. His command was clearly dying.

Good performance though.
this game is going to be six hours long and still only nine innings
I'm calling it now: Javier Baez unassisted triple play.
Could you imagine 
Would that be the first post-season unassisted triple play ever?
Hanging out at a bar with Donovan McNabb watching this game. Gotta finish thi...
Prove it. 
He's rocking a Fukudome jersey. I'll grab a photo in a sec
Wait what
If Monty just lets it go, it's an easy double play.
Water is wet. 
Not sure if it was hit hard enough.  
If it headed to where the shortstop starts, then it would be a tough turn. Ho...
LAWLESS WE NEED YOUR DP MAGIC.

3rd pinch hitter of the inning? Let's hope that means their defense suffers f...
Why does EVERY inning on D have to be stressful
Because October!
But the dodgers have so many stress free innings. It's not fair!
You can't pin that shit on Monty but damn that is a game changer right there.
You can though. He needed the awareness to know that's a DP ball there. He al...
I find it hard to blame pitchers for the instinct to catch the ball. Just me ...
Well it's the difference between 5-0 and 5-2. Pretty big mistake 
ok that could have been a lot fucking worse really
Damage minimized, thank god.
2 is okay. Let's score some more!!!!!
Couple of insurance runs this inning k??
Could have been much worse that inning. Lock that pen down. 
About 4 more runs here would be great.
No lead is safe we need a run or two to help protect this lead lets go cubs! ...
Sitting at LA Fitness, Cubs beating LA, witness
Credit to Monty for not stumbling into that ball batted right into his way.
So it turns out you can hit the baseballs and then someone doesn't catch them...
Ump was almost road kill!
#OH BABY ANTHONY RIZZO IS BACK
Get the fuck out of the way Angel what the fuck? 
#DA RIZZ HAS AWAKEN!!!!
SZCZUR WITH THE SACRIFICE
Dodgers BP is the Reds of the postseason.
I love it I love it I love it
Szuzur's bat is like the pick of destiny
God Bless America
Now this is fun
Rizzo, you're pretty good. 
THE BATS HAVE AWOKEN!!!!!!!!!!
That Giants fan from earlier today needs to post more on this sub. 
I sent a Cubs meme to my dad.
Pray for me the adult meme language barrier is ...
/r/oldpeoplefacebook doesn't give much hope.
8 - 2 makes John Smoltz bearable. I'm able to just tune him out.
8 points to 2
8 points to a safety.
How are people still saying that the replay call at the beginning of the game...
Wtf are they talking about? That was blatantly safe, what's with the "wow gre...
HOLY SHIT ITS SO FUNNY WHEN IT ISNT HAPPENING WITH US
Lmao Dodger fans leaving in the sixth 
Well shit man, it's after 8pm out there.  
That's actually pretty normal. :P
... after getting there in the 4th.
Let's get like 50 more.
GO BUCK YOURSELF JOE
Willson respects the hell out of 90
I worry all the time that he and Baez are gonna hurt themselves due to giving...
Love the way he plays, even if he is a little erratic
Fuck you Pederson and your stupid haircut.
Seriously, I can't be the only one completely tired of Buck and Smoltz, right...
He's from STL what do you expect 
I like Smoltz when he starts talking about the nitty gritty of pitching. When...
I've always really liked Joe Buck who's a super smart dude but I agree, these...
"Can we PLEASE get more rich Hill curveballs dropped in my ass? For the love ...
Harry carey mother fuckers!!  Let's do this!
Cubs were shut out twice and yet they have still outscored the Dodgers 18 - 1...
If the score stands, it means this series is coming back home no matter what....
Huh? Odd. I don't hear slurping anymore. Buck? You okay?
No clue why everyone is so happy. Dodgers already won the NLCS \s
How smart does Joe look to have let Montgomery bat last inning? Now he can ea...
aw no eject
SIT DOWN WE'VE BEEN GETTING SQUEEZED ALL SERIES
Montgomery is pitching his way into a starting job next year
I would love that because we need another lefty starter
Huge 1-2-3 inning there. 

Monty, you fucked up, but I still love you.
**Mike Fungomery**
Baseball is fun again. 
Once again Monty is absolutely nailing it and coming through for us.  
What a...
Montgomery is fantastic.  And if it keeps going this way we won't have to use...
Let that defense do its job. 
Dodgers score 2 runs, 5 more shall take its place. Hail Hydra!
All right, all right, put your arms down Kaminsky. You look like a West Texas...
nuff said
that's right replay that classy shit boys i love it
That was awesome 
Holy hell Russell has had some good swings. Glad to see him (and Rizzo) comin...
i missed it, what was that rizzo/ump convo about
https://www.clippituser.tv/c/twitter/zqear
Rizzo apologizing for starting his walk to first on a called strike.
Rizzo started for first base, thinking it was ball four, when Hernandez calle...
Pretty much just Rizzo saying sorry for assuming the strike was ball 4. 
Riz had apologized in previous AB for walking to first on a strike call. They...
**"oh no worries, you came back to apologize. thats how good of a guy you are"
Rizzo being a good guy and apologizing for dropping his bat in the previous a...
And then the ump being a homie and telling him not to worry about it at all. 
Rizzo thought a strike was ball four.  Headed to first. Came back  and apolog...
Rizzo walked away on a called strike thinking it was ball 4, and it was a con...
Soler can go 0-whatever until he goes nuclear 
This is what I hate about LA, it's the fucking NLCS and you have all these pe...
I really don't think the zone has been terrible, but I'm sure if I were a Dod...
Just go to /r/baseball. Lots of talk of "rigged" and whatnot.
In every sport has it ever been confirmed that it was rigged by the sports or...
I can't think of a time where there was such a case, no.
That's why I never leave this sub lololol
umps do certainly get their share of grief.
It's been a typical Hernandez zone.
Buck just said Ross is catching Lester next year, how can he be on the broadc...
Buck is a moron. 
Tell me about it, I'm a Vikings fan and we got the broadcast team he's usuall...
You with me in the land of 10000 purple lakes?
I haven't been to Minnesota since like 04, I'm actually from the suburbs near...
Lived in Chicago for ~40 years. Now west of Minneapolis.  Life is strange,  b...
I love that skinny fucker so much. He makes it look so easy. Hope he's OK we ...
Hopefully nothing serious. One of our most promising young arms.
Wait, what happened?? I was away...
Walked a guy, trainers came to check on him, and then they took him out of th...
Oh no worries then.

I think our track record in that department speaks for i...
Who's gonna deliver the Carl's Jr. Bacon Cheeseburgers? 
Looked like CEJ was stretching his leg out a little bit. Maybe just a tight h...
Holy tag-city, Baez.
HAIL SZCZUR!

Hail Szczzo?
3 for 3 with the Szczur bat!
PLEASE SCZUR BAT NEVER BREAK
Stop hitting Kris pls
Even Puig beans Bryant...
MATT BATT IS BESTT BATT
Hamstring tightness for Carl.
Wow! Matthew McConnagsafba is very successful and rich man!!!
Excuse me?
Maybe we should check on him. I think he had a stroke halfway through.
Do you disagree that Matthew McConnaualhbkjg is extremely wealthy and famous ...
"They are.... diehard dodger fans."

Fucking around on cell phone...

Mhmmm.....
Any  update on Carl?
Left hamstring tightness.
Left hamstring tightness.
Hamstring tightness.
Left hammy tightness
Is he gonna be okay for the rest of the year?
Won't know till tomorrow probably.
Esssh, team played great tonight and then this happens, hope Carl will be okay
 I'm so happy to see Addi smiling! 
This game is exactly what we needed. Fuck yea Addi
"Which one of you fucktard pussies is here to win a god damn fucking ring?!?!...
"gurgle gurgle" - Kershaws dick in Bucks mouth 
#whewft, thanks for bleating on about the scoreless run, guys: FS1 aren't men...
If Montgomery lets that go we're all applauding Joe for pulling Lackey. He tr...
That's the worst thing. He easily could have made that play himself. Or, he c...
Not everything. But those 2 runs were a gift to th eDodgers for sure. Just ne...
Well, everything on the play. It's not the end of the world, but they could h...
I swear some of you have never watched a baseball game before
Like who doesn't know the HBP thing?
It sure has started early...
Bandwagoners are welcome, as long as they don't constantly talk shit!!
Not true. They were here whining yesterday. 
Holy fuck...Rizzo blows in the postseason...like forreal, stop striking out e...
#I HAVE NEVER CHEERED LOUDER OR HARDER FOR A MORE YES YES YES AT LAST FUCKING...
LETS FUGGIN GO MY BRITISH ISLE FRIEND!
My heart is racing. I woke people in this building up I have no doubt.  
I DO...
THEY ARE NOT CUBS FANS, THEY WILL NEVER UNDERSTAND!
I hope we put 10 runs on Kershaw next time we face him. I would definitely ha...
Sick of seeing Gonzalez' stupid face. 
I didn't dislike him before this series now I can't stand him.
I'm not as worried as others seem to be right now. If they lose tonight, then...
Lackey is not here for a haircut!!!!!
Very large red storm coming into my area in a few minutes.  I'm terrified of ...
I'll let her know a bit later tonight
In the 2016 Playoff's 100% of the teams who have ~~one~~  won game 1 have won...
sample size
also, regression to the mean
Also "won"
English hard
Me fail English? That's unpossible
Marlot tonight!!!! :)!!!!!! :(

Edit: Malort* don't judge Im as nervous as u are
>Marlot

Looks like you've already had a few 
OK, gonna be completely honest: I'm kinda scared.

If the offense doesn't get...
[I'm ready for tonight's game!](https://imgur.com/LCtcQ5j). (I live in Los An...
You deserve a drink after playing a tuba outside the dodgers' hotel all night!
Not sure how you heard about that. I actually had to go to each of their hous...
whatever you did, do it again!!
I could hear your fine tooting from Chicago, my friend. Godspeed.
Hard top Mexican football fans before international games though.
DICKS OUT FOR LACKEY
Alright guys? I am surrounded by a fuck ton of Indians fans. That's why we go...
Hey, although I don't care for them, those fans deserve something, just like ...
You haven't met them. 
True.... Just remind them of the browns.
Yeah but the Bears aren't any better haha. 
LMFAO I KNOW hahahaha.
Alright bitches, let's go Cubs! 
Uh, I enjoy A-Rod for the most part, I just wish he wasn't so Anti-Saber
It's my parents' 31st wedding anniversary and they left me to fend for myself...
Are they communists?!
Happy anniversary lawless mom
My dad had something to do with it too :)
r/chicubs likes lawless mom better though 
Hahaha, I won't tell my dad that ðŸ˜‚
It happens. I went out with my wife and friends Saturday and immediately plan...
31 isn't even a round number
I'm sure at least one of you knows your first base coach personally, so heads...
Lol they were trying so hard to get A-Rod to shit on Lackey
Let's get some runs tonight!
Cards fan here, just stopping by to say good luck tonight.  

I still love me...
I hate Joe Bucks face.
Dem dere some homely pitchers. 
After the cubs score one early on, I'm gonna clap and lightly cheer like a ge...
If we win by 6, show her r/gonewild 
Hahahaha.  Good thing she isn't here yet to see me open that sub.
She better be the one cheering, otherwise it's not to be. 
Stay off your phone/reddit! 
Will do.
I'm already sick of this Urias dude. -_-
Alright you fistful of assholes, let's get ready to watch these fuckers even ...
totally a balk
Uggghh. Angel behind the plate again? I expect an amoebic strike zone then. 
Let's go Cubs! 
STOP TAKING FIRST PITCH STRIKES!!!!
Oh baby! 8.5 more innings of baseball where we can turn it around 
17.5
I take it one game at a time 
countdowns aren't the most popular hobby 'round these parts
Not counting outs though 
yep just joshing
Me too, go Cubs 
loved that contreras play! here's hoping
Someone tell the MLB our dicks work 
Lackey should be on the shortest of leashes.
The beginning of this game is important for Lackey. See if he has his control...
Fuck. I at least want to see us put up a fight, this team is way too damn goo...
Our valiant steed will lead us to victory.
We Came to Rein
Some people may say *neigh* but we don't!
What do we say to  Dodger runs? Neigh
#I BELIEVE WE WILL SCORE A RUN 
[Cheers]( http://imgur.com/jHjD8aH)! I'm hoping a glass of MalÃ¶rt will help t...
I'm back! Go Cubbies!
Waddup fellow Masshole!
<3 it's kinda funny cause I actually live in Seattle now. But I'm a masshole ...
IT HIT THE DIRT
It hit the ground before it hit him, or does that not matter?
Doesn't matter.
Does not matter
INTERFUCKINFERNCE
That was a late slide and he rolled toward Baez, wtf.
Illegal slide - he didn't go directly at the bag
"God damn it, let's fucking go" I believe
Error on Baez.  Joe Buck has never seen a baseball game before.
lol settle down guys. Its not even an elimination game. And we aren't losing.
Got his ass by a mile
momentum changer
YES GOOD DEFENSE 
Technically Seager reaching away from the base towards Baez could be consider...
It's completely against it. He slid when he was at the bag which is against i...
> He slid when he was at the bag which is against it

LolNope.

> he slid off...
That's what I thought
FUCK YES WILSON!
What a play!
Please be a momentum changer. Please be a momentum changer.
Guess Contreras and Baez didn't appreciate the late slide. He's just lucky it...
That was Addy
I'm currently in stormy weather with satellite. I might identify the wrong pl...
Unacceptable 
holy crap that was beautiful.
5-10 hitting this post season and a canon like that? 
huge play Wilson 
Can anyone point me in the direction of a photoshopped Willson peering over a...
HUGS!
What I wouldn't give for like 3 basehits in a row. 
LETS FUCKING GO
FFS my stream hung up for that. I'm okay if this means that whenever the stre...
Smoltz is 100% on there
Is he 20?
WOOOOOOO A WALK
Haha look at that cocky ass strut. I love it. 
thankfully baez came to play
Why did Zobrist change his stance? He should have kept what was working for h...
How in God's name is that not a balk
Guys literally no one outside of a cubs fans thinks it's a ball. It's a good ...
#FUCK CHASE UTLEY
A Heyward dong would make my dick rip through my jeans right now
Cmon Hey make that Utley error famous. 
Come on, Heyward! You're my daughters favorite player for some reason so let'...
single double i dont care get the fuck on base
Solid AB so far
Good at-bat by Heyward. But he needs to get the fuck on base
Baeward going with the "explode Urias's pitch count" strategy
Somebody's gotta do it. 
Darwin Barney did that well and he couldn't hit for shit either!
i'm onboard with this
It's alright Heyward at least you didn't hit into a DP
Woof, that was a brave take.
Lol that guy clearly mouthing "What the fuck was that"
Just a few more meters... :(
Blue balls 
Siiiiiiiiiiiiiigh
I'm trying not to be negative but this is pretty depressing. 
Be negative. This team has given you no reason to be otherwise in the past fe...
He made contact. 
BURN EVERYTHING AND SALT THE EARTH AHHHHH
Man on second, one out and nothing to show for it. Maybe there's a Bill Murra...
Urias is at 37 pitches through 2 innings. Let's take some consolation here.
omfg babip hates us
And of course they come up and hit a ground ball through the shift - FFS
And of course they get a weak grounder hit 
[Willson as Wilson](http://imgur.com/a/SE5TY)

/u/octobadger 
[Cubs please](https://33.media.tumblr.com/ead369dadf219b7472edc6e4b26554ed/tu...
I hope Lackey doesn't murder this ump's family
He's safe, I don't fucking believe it.
He's safe. GOD FUCKING DAMN IT.
Not that great of a tag. Given that all goes down pretty quick
that's all on Wilson. Why tag him on the jaw dammit
How did he not tag him out there. Gonzalez is so slow
Damn, it's really tough to tell when exactly the fingers touch down.
Man i dont know. Enough to overturn?
Please be out 
You need to get that tag on his arm rather than his chest. Though tbf I've ne...
I full body hate Heyward for half assing that shit 
Having your hand over the base does not mean you touched the base..
thank fuck for that
Thank God 
There was not enough proof
We're getting some breaks so far in this game.  Gotta keep this train going!
I'll take it :D
Fuck you Gonzalez 
I WANT TO WATCH HOCUS POCUS
Got away with one there
Hahahaha FS1 aired a big "fuck" there
Not much controversy. It was ridiculously close.
Hahah fuck off Gonzalez!
Hand was in the air. Good call.
http://i.imgur.com/9fy0Zsr.gifv
there is a break.  Now its our turn, lets go. 
This is going to end with a fight 
You all game up too quickly, his fingers were still hovering over the plate w...
Yeah that got that one wrong, he was safe. Bad call but I'll take it!
I think he was safe. But maybe there wasn't enough clear evidence to turn it ...
He looked safe to me. Fuck it, I'll take it.
BABIP strikes again
I love that one call goes our way, so we must have fixed the game. 
GEES SOMETHING PLEASE FALL IN ALREADY!
BABIP God, what do you want?
"Before we start the 7th inning stretch let's go back and show the teams reac...
Is Larry King on a flip phone? 
Bryant sure as shit isn't broken. Great AB after great AB from him.
what in the FUCK is rizzo doing
swinging way fucking late
Rizzob are hitting .083 and .091 :(
It's gonna be ok.
Rizzo plzzo 
BRB. Going to fellate the BABIP gods.
Rizzo wtf was that swing?
Rizzo has been Ice Cold lately. What gives?
Rizzo's face sums this series all up. 
Rizz0-for the century
I didn't see Rizzo this clueless one time since May. Back to back terrible po...
"HEY LESTER WHY ISNT TEAM HITTING"
At this point you've just got to put Willson and Javy in front of Bryant. I m...
Is Angel behind the plate tonight?

edit: it all makes sense now
yes
Sadly.
Sadly yes. Grandal should've struck out twice in his "walk".
I can almost live with Russell struggling because honestly his swing and offe...
The Fowler home run feels like it came 8 years ago
Well at least we both go to the track and they don't go out. 
if the number of innings the cubs have gone without scoring were years, it wo...
Don't worry. When we come back we'll talk more about Kershaw.
Cubs are gonna score i can feel it in my balls.
BATS ON FIRE NOW!!!!!!!!!!
Small ball is my middle name
#WE DID IT

#WE FUCKING DID IT!!!!!!!!!!!!

#WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

/s
WE SCORED A FREAKING RUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
[I LIKE WHEN THE CUBS SCORE](/#WeAreGood)
Oh we just lucked out big time boys, yikes
Jesus I can't believe we sent him home but LET'S GOOOOOO
Things are happening!!!!!
[Dodgers be like...](https://imgur.com/gallery/QBRgE)
Noooo don't bring in your Baez, Dodgers! We want to sleep tonight!
Way to get it done J-hey!
Heyward with a PRODUCTIVE slow groundout to 2nd, lol. I'll take it.
FUCK YEAH JASON!!!!!! WAY TO DO A FUCKING JOB BUDDY!!!
Now that's a soft grounder to 2nd base that I'll take from Heyward.
A PRODUCTIVE OUT!
I'm in a plane (free Wi-Fi thank you tmo) on my way to Vegas. No game until I...
#GETTIN IT! 
Typical Heyward, but we scored anyway. 
Here come the Cubbies.
HE FUCKING DID IT!
NOW WERE COOKING! GREAT JOB ADDI
#I FEEL BETTER ABOUT EVERYTHING!!!
That was HUGE!!! I have no idea why they were giving in 2-0 there, but I'll t...
CUBS CONTINUE TO DO THINGS!
Gotta be a huge weight off Russell's shoulders. Yes, Russell it was in you th...
#ITS HAPPENING!! 
LIGHT THIS PLACE UP!!
ADDISON RUSSELL YOU ARE FORGIVEN FOR EVERYTHING
So fucking happy for Addi.
Addi-Boi!
If I could have picked what played I'd want to hit such an important hit, a H...
ERRBODY FEELIN' ALL RIGHT NOW??!!
Cubs are awake now!!!!
I love you all
Oh great, now we get to watch Pedro "three minutes between pitches" Baez.
Russell: "Fuck yeah!"
Okay boys. Exhale. John's bout to go lock them up for 5 more innings and we'l...
Muted Joe Bucks nonsense to listen to debate nonsense and we scored 4 runs. K...
On my way home from fondue in downers grove. FiancÃ© and her mom wants to list...
Pedro Baez? Looks like this game won't end until midnight now
I told my gf not to watch with me because the Cubs only score when she's away
Baez is the antithesis of Baez
Lol, Ross was going crazy and the professor was just clapping and nodding in ...
Just noticed Baez is pitching. Welp, this just turned into a five hour game.
Bulpen in the 4th inning? They are gonna have to pull indians to get through ...
"A weight has been lifted off my shoulders." - Pat

Never change Pat Hughes.
This AB is better than the entire first two innings.  

#WE'RE BACK
I love how in the lineup thread most of the contention was with the 7-9 spot ...
We have the REAL Baez
Jesus, they're still sucking Urias's dick after he got run out before 4?
Joe Buck, could you use your endless resources and figure out how old Urias i...
BABIP suddenly tickling our balls now.


And I like it.
HOLY SHIT OFFENSE I MISSED YOU!
HAHA P. Baez doesn't have a runner on first to drag this out more, and now it...
Yesterday, Toles gets that. BABIP is coming around. 
GUYS WE CANT HIT SINGLES AND DOUBLES AND BUNTS AND DONGERS ONCE AGAIN 
#LETS GO
Scoreless innings streak = 0
OOOH, SEXY HIGHLIGHT BUNT
Thank god Joe is a better manager than I am. Let's go Cubbies!
Man how huge was that bunt. This Zobrist guy is alright.
[deleted]
Great inning. Let's roll. 
FUCK IT I DON'T CARE ANYMORE. I WILL SHOTGUN A BEER FOR EVERY CUBS RUN SCORED...
AND I'LL DRINK A SHOT OF WHISKY BROTHA LET'S GOOOOOOOO
Pics for every one or it didn't happen
RECORD THIS
you lonely tho?
No, not really
Clear as day "are you fucking kidding me?" I love it. 
#Have a seat ginger!!

Where's all the whining about the umps now haha. 

It goes both ways. It gene...
[Fangraphs](http://www.fangraphs.com/livewins.aspx?date=2016-10-19&team=Dodge...
Reddick srsly looks like rickety cricket from always sunny.
Cmon Willson, again?
Willson needs to avoid the interference, that's his second this postseason
Catcher's interference like that cannot feel good.
If I had a dog as ugly as Turner I'd shave its ass and make it walk backward.
That's the second time this postseasob contreras has been called for CI. Come...
Brother just texted me: 

"Cubs need to finish off the Dodgers so Turner can ...
Har! 

(Book readers will get that more than just show watchers...)
/being a serial killer with emotionless eyes. 
http://p3.no/filmpolitiet/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/hivju2.jpg

He wishes. 
#HUGE K
Fuck yeah 
woo, Lackey you are looking fantastic today
You bucked tooth, rest looking fuck I love you.
Let's Go!
Heart of the order coming up. Let's keep piling on 
No matter how he's pitching I'll always respect Lackey's emotion
That is why I love Lackey.  
Fuck circumstance, I am still dealing, I am gett...
Dodgers Scoreless Innings: 4
Joc pederson can suc a dic. 
GET THAT MAN A SUGARCUBE!
Based God let Rizzo get on base this inning 
oh based God you can fuck my bitch if Rizzo gets a hit 
Well time to let based God fuck your bitch 
I'm down, he just needs to hit me with a time and place
Oh my God based god
John "Let's Fucking Go" Lackey! 
Petition for new flair
I have to get wine(d) and dined first
[MRW Lackey gets out of a jam.](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-ceQZGRTwJKc/UcbDfE2...
As a Bulls fan that makes me a little sad.  Noah was the man.
Me too, man. I'll miss him.
Miss the fuck out of Jo.
That was my guy. 
Aww. Jo :,)
I'll always have a soft spot for him.
Right? As a Bull fan this kills me. Dude was so good when he was on.
Toles really looks like he should bring a a bindle and not a bat up to the pl...
Rizzo home run incoming.
Guys, I almost choked on a carrot while yelling at the TV in triumph.  I'm ok...
STRAIGHTEN IT OUT ANTHONY
Welcome back Anthony!!!
RIZZOOOOOOOOOOOO
RIZZOLI RIZZOLI HE GAVE ME THE HOMERONI
FLOODGATE STATUS: OPEN!
MOUNT RIZZO HAS ERUPTED!
Didn't miss that one!!!!
THE RIZ KID IS BACK
OMFG HE DID IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RIZOOOOOOOO 
FUCK YES RIZZO FINALLY
RIZZ ON EM
We love you again Rizzo!
#HE'S BACK
I JUST RIZZED SO HARD
**EVERYBODY'S BUSTING SLUMPS TONIGHT!!**
#ITS LIKE /u/SPARX7'S MOM UP IN HERE

/u/MAWFUGGAJONES
....
I called it, I fucking Called itttt!!!!!!!!!!!!!  LE's go Cubs
DAT BALL IS DEAD YA HERE ME, IT GOT KILLED DEAD!
RIZZO!!! BREAK THOSE SLUMPS
Russell and Rizzo have redeemed themselves
OUR STRUGGLERS AREN'T STRUGGLING ANYMORE!
RIZZO IS BACKKK
Fucking finally you big beautiful son of a bitch. :D 
we're back boys!
We back now
#HE'S BACK BABY!!!
Ugh. Do I have to stay on the shitter now. Rizzo Homers as soon as I get in h...
You gotta stay there.
Ugh but my burrito is going to get cold... 
Wait for the middle of the inning. 
THEY'VE AWAKEN
#BELIEVE, FUCKING BELIEVE.
WE BACK?
Sexy Rizzo dong :)
Now you're all in big, big trouble
Anthony just flung that monkey off his back and shot it in the head. Atta baby!
WHERE'S MY DRINKING BUDDY? I'M TAKING A SHOT, YOU GET ON THAT SHOTGUN
Rizzo is gonna end up on the ""Mt. Rushmore" of Cubs greats.
I honestly can't see him ever leaving this team, I hope he stays a Cub until ...
He will. He has a connection to the front office. 
Being drafted by Theo? Or a family connection?
Drafted by the Theo/Hoyer Red Sox. Traded to the Hoyer Padres. Now he's in Ch...
GET BARTMAN'D DODGERS
Props to reddick that's fucking Herculean effort
Oh my god. I almost wish he caught that. That would have been incredible
Reddick was just trying to run away from this game.
Lackey,  This Fall,  In *THE RESURRECTOR*
REDDICK TRYING TO LEAVE THE GAME EARLY!
Good AB
Shit if reddick made that catch I would have cheered
No I wanted Baez vs Baez!
It's so much easier to be impressed by the other team's defensive plays when ...
SO CLOSE

That would have been amazing.
Where's the shotgun guy? He owes us one.
Didn't go out but Zobrist was locked in. That's a great AB.
I went to take a dump (it was glorious FYI) and I come back adn Rizzo hit a d...
Anyone got that Rizzo dong. I was.... Incapacitated. 
Good full count, Javier
1-2-3 inning lets goooo.
The highlight of the Russell HR is way too short.
DID SMOLTZ JUST CALL RUNS POINTS 
I have to fight back tears every time I hear Harry's "sure as God made green ...
I feel so, so comfortable with Lackey on the mound right now. Please keep him...
Lackey has the brightest teeth in the MLB. He's blinding Dodger hitters tonight.
Soul crushing 1 pitch grounder into ~~Tinker to Ever to Chance~~ Addi to Baez...
No sugar cubes this inning
shut up joe buck
Jose Contreras was a postseason addition to visit pitchers at the mound 
Hook please.  He's done. 
**do it mount gomery**
Man that 'RED HOT JOHN LACKEY' needs to calm the eff down

/s
It's so nice to know we have a solid bullpen, so the anxiety of relievers com...
Also can this game to any slower????
"This is not gonna be pretty!!" *lackey calmly walks off the mound and to the...
i dont agree with taking him out at all. Dude hasnt even let up a run and has...
Wait it's only the bottom of the fifth?!
"Time to bring in Chapman" - Terry Francona, probably
Who wants a DP??

/u/UnfortunatelyLawless, do you want a DP?

Let's ALL get DPs
Anyone else hear the crowd saying "let's go cubbies?"
Stirking out *Seager* of all people in a bases loaded 0-out jam...I cannot ov...
That's horrible luck. Easy double play if it isn't deflected.
Shit. Gotta let that go.

Tough break.
It's still ok 2 runs off bases loaded no outs is good
That shoulda been 2, my god.
Be cool, my babies. 
Thank god it was only 2
Please don't let those runs bite us in the ass.
We knew they were going to score runs eventually. Too good of a team/offense....
eh, I was hoping they'd go scoreless the rest of the series personally
DEEPLY EXHALES
Great job Monty.  Shitty luck, but that's what happens, can't be mad.  He did...
Can we pile on like 12 runs this inning?  Please?!
It's only the end of the 5th!? Jesus.
Alrighty... after that, i'm definitely pouring four fingers.
Lengthwise, right?
That's the right way
Das Boot, but with whiskey.
BUY DICK PILLS, ANYONE HERE NEED DICK PILLS?!?!
Stand up Larry King! Bad Dodger fan. 
Is that his bitch next to him?
She's too young to be his daughter, so probably. 
Seriously, I haven't seen him move in awhile. Maybe someone should go check h...
We killed Larry. 
he's like 9000 years old he probably can't just stand up and sit down as much...
Yeah, I was just being a dick because I'm drunk and happy. 
Dude is a fossil.
Seriously though Heyward has looked so awful at the plate
that PH AB last night looked like his first AB in the majors
Dat arm doe...
Water is wet lol
ADDY IS BACK!
#THAT'S WHY THEY CALL HIM A-HUSTLIN'-RUSSEL'IN!  
Wait, what, nobody calls hi...
I TAKE IT BACK, MONTY CAN HIT ANYTIME
OUR PITCHERS FUCK THE DH REGULARLY!
If our bats get hot we're winning it all. Really hope this game is the turnin...
Oh yeah, FUCK THE DH
DH:

* [X] Fucked
* [ ] Not Fucked
LEGGOOO RIZZ
GUYS THERE IS A BEAR WATCH OUT!
#THE ENTIRE CUBS DUGOUT IS READING MEAN TWEETS
Looks like the bats just forgot to set their alarm clocks to PST
Oh god 8 shots in now and I have work tomorrow!
# HAIL SZCZUR
This is the Rizzo we need, the Rizzo we want 
[Me right now](https://youtu.be/fvtQYsckLxk?t=1m3s) (possible volume warning)
How bout Angel Hernandez trying to take our Fowler? The fucking fix is in boy...
Hail Szczer!
Is it spring? It feels like spring.
LETS GO BABYYYYYYYYYYY
Using Sczur's bat. Fuck yeahhhh! 
Oh! Rizz using Szcrzrcr's bat!
HAIL SZCZUR 
Rizzo is back. Feels soooo goooood
 I heard the sigh of relief from chicago all the way in Milwaukee
2pm in Australia, busting out the rum!
What kind of Rum do they have there?
All the main ones, there's an Aussie brand called Bundaberg, or "Bundy's" for...
Isn't that normal in Australia? 
>the bears can be shutout for the rest of the season. cutler can have a new d...
LETS GO BOYS. Rizzo is officially woke the fuck up. 
haha the ump almost got killed
[deleted]
LEAVE NO DOUBT.
RIZZO YOU BEAUTIFUL BASTARD
Hail Szczur!
MATT SZCZUR NLCS MVP HAIL
Dodgerpitching.exe has stopped working
Okay, the national shit show is over, now I can fully concentrate on the game...
Render unto Rizzo the things that are Szczur's!
Didn't look like he was out Joe Fuck
very obviously safe
SAAAAAAFE
clearly safe.
Safest thing that has ever safed!
SAY IT!!

SAFE!!!
CHALLENGE THAT SHIT
These guys are so far up the dodger's ass....it's a six run lead, who cares a...
You can't say we benefited twice from replays if one was the call standing...
Buck is the most biased fuck out there 
MOREEEE!!!
This game just turned into the Chicago Offense vs. The L.A. Errors
Only 990 more to go!!!
This is cathartic.
[Dodgers defense this game](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZnHmskwqCCQ)
Cue Benny Hill
Holy fuck...  such a great catch... completely negated (twice) by absolutely ...
#TALK ABOUT AN IMPLOSION
HOLY SHIT IM LOVING WATCHING THE TEAM WE ARE PLAYING JUST COMPLETELY CONTINUE...
#WE ATEN'T DEAD.
Respect 270
Well that was an interesting play...
C'mon Contreras, let's keep it going! 
wtf how is that an error on pederson lol
Because he cost his team a run and 2 bases? That was an obvious  throwing err...
If anything that was an error on Grandal
Throwing it that poorly to home
I'd say that's on Grandal. Looks like he took his eye off it trying to get Zo...
Russell Rizzo and Zobrist...3 guys we needed to start hitting and they all ha...
Joe Maddon: Make Baseball Fun Again.
#YUUUUUUGE INNING
I new lighting the sage in front of my Matusz shrine would do good things. #P...
I'm not scared of Kershaw. We were almost getting to him at the end of his la...
[This offense right now](https://youtu.be/qE8gF-1D5Mg) 
God damn the bats came back with a roar. Gonna need some for game 5
Hoping we can win out this one and beat them again, especially if they're sav...
We should take this one and we got lester tomorrow. We go back to wrigley for...
#WeBelieve
I don't know. I watched Kershaw's last two starts. And yes, he was amazing......
I think we can beat him, especially if our bats stay woke
The only thing that's more  ridiculous about that outburst is the fact that t...
Love being on the east coast and having to wake up at 5 AM tomorrow. :/ Oh we...
I know that feel, but I do love living in Massachusetts...though I very much ...
\#JustPedroBaezThings

Oh wait, we knocked him out of the game!
Even with this win, they'll still need to figure out either Kershaw or Hill o...
I hope they burn Kershaw tomorrow
Think about it this way though. The Dodgers are going to have to beat Lester,...
I think now that the offense is fired up, they can take Hill
True, but I feel like this team got over their slump, and I think they can be...
I'm sure it goes without saying, but there's something amazing about having d...
I'm gonna need a gif of Joc bitching at the ump.
eject?
Wow I thought it was a shit call too but that pitch trax had it in the zone. ...
Of all the pitches to be mad about.
What was Joc Pederson's beef with Hernandez?
Thought the called 3rd strike was outside
He thought it was outside. Don't know why. Hell.of a pitch
He didn't want that strike to be called a strike.
Go count your dick Pederson
YOU MOTHERFUCKERS

PIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII...
Bacon and eggs dear
what?
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=t3nT3rbqtSA
 Joc Pederson
J-just
O-a
C-cock
Joc Bitcherson
I'm surprised that none of the guys jawing at Angel have been tossed yet. Gue...
Monty is absolutely killing it. It? The Dodgers. The Los Angeles Dodgers.
We've *dodged* some bullets and sent em back you could say.
We're definitely putting the "loss" before "angeles"
u/Mawfuggajones get in on this please.
Should've been tossed. Thats a strike, stop bitching and sit down
lol Maddon on tech support today before the game - dude is the zen fucking ma...
cmon Joc, I know you're pissed from the last inning but that wasn't even close. 
Can't run up the score now Joc can you!!
lmao is that a pda?
I dunno what it is about phones with styluses (stylii) but they're so goddamn...
I really thought you were going to say something different. Perhaps involving...
Ah, why? This all sounds familiar btw...
Something like phones with stylii are douchy. I dunno, i'm projecting here.
Are they? But the stylus makes it so easy to draw and write. What's douchebag...
I have no rational explanation here. I feel like whatever you do with a stylu...
What if you have one of those big-ass phones tho? Like a Samsung Galaxy?
Then i'm sorry, but you've entered the realm of douchebaggery to me. Sorry, I...
This has got all sorts of deep psychological associations to it.
Very possible.
stop writing the most surprisingly good comments. I can't keep up with this.
About time we had an 123 inning
I know it's been said a million times, but this isn't Football, I wish Fox we...
MONTY SHUTS 'EM DOWN.
Who's in line for the win right now?  Lackey, Monty or Urias?
Monty, lackey didn't pitch 5
Monty right now, and if the score holds he'll get it no problem. Lackey didn'...
Well it's certainly no Urias
Lackey, as long as the Dodgers dont score 4 or more
Didn't he come out too early?
We had the lead when he last pitched
Yes. It's Monty. 
Kershaw
This game is on track to last four and a half hours. Wtf fox?
I don't want to jinx us, but we're nine outs (with an eight run lead) away fr...
Don't you dare count outs.
You're totally right, my bad. How's "I'm optimistic that we could possibly tu...
I'm happy with that!
Aw Rizzo 
Thankfully, the bat broke! Jason needed a new one because he was scuffing. As...
can someone get a streamable of that?
...meanwhile the dodgers throw temper tantrums any time things don't go their...
Rizzo's too cute <3
Sloer power will light this place up.
Good place to bring in Zas and get his feet wet?
Yeah, maybe in the 8th or 9th
I think we need to rest our bullpen as much as possible.  If Edwards can get ...
Eh, I say F rest. Let's lock this up. We can rest before the world series.
I'd like to see The other guys get some low-pressure innings in
Dunno, personally I just want to giftwrap the rest of this game to the W column.
Well obviously he's got a short leash - a runner or two and you pull him, but...
Fair enough, tbf I know more about how to deal with soccer players lol.
Oh gotcha - no problem, just an opinion anyway. I know you only get three sub...
Yeah that's always a bitch trying to figure out how to make the best use of t...
Nah we don't have time for that shit lol let's just shut them down and get re...
What better time to bring him in than now?
I was getting more medications, why does everyone love Anthony suddenly? I me...
Solid ABs and making consistent solid contact (deep fly balls, HRs)


He got his groove back.
Appologizing to the ump for something he said earlier at his latest at-bat.
He homered and has an RBI single and scored on a crazy error by the Dodgers. ...
https://www.clippituser.tv/c/twitter/zqear
He was nice to Angel Hernandez and apologized to him for walking away after t...
Thanks bud
I got you fam.
He's a nice guy and doesn't afraid of anything
Hot Take: I like this game better than the last two games.
Do we have a Rizzo finger guns gif yet?
i guess larry went home

get home safe!
Dirty curve there
Not as dirty as OEL though.
OEL is the cleanest player in the game, thank you very much. Brad Marchand, o...
That's 37 goal scorer Brad Marchand to you.
How do you feel now snoop dogg?
Guys you already know what's going on.
Me at the bar lead to the Cubs scoring...
WHAT HAPPENED TO LARRY
HE GONE
JESUS CONTRERAS
Huh. Buck's reading reddit comments now in his search for something to say si...
Oh no :(
# NOT THE SLIM REAPER 
Willson is so peppy lol
Should Contreras be in the lineup tomorrow? Ross will catch of course, but Co...
Can't. Gotta stick with Zobrist in left and Baez at second. Just no room.
Zo in right, bench Jhey and Wilson in left? Not gonna happen, but...
Pretty much the only scenario it happens but I really want Heyward's glove in...
I hear ya, but after that lollipop throw when Gonzalez scored (I mean he was ...
The Baez -> Contreras has been the most significant part of the lineup in thi...
Yes, IMO. In place of Heyward.
What if he takes over Zobrist's spot in left, and Zobrist goes right and take...
dont know man, I really want Heyward in the line up man, gives me confidence ...
But he just went 0 for 5
I know, if he happens to find somebody in the bases with less thant 2 outs, m...
DONT BE INJURED 
Wind is picking up, can't have CJ in. Gonna blow away.
I hope Wood gets an at bat too!
I'm so conflicted...I have to get up early for work but you never "leave" the...
I also have to be up early for something, but I have a post-win ritual I star...
Don't you go to sleep now.
you'll live I had to go to work tired, hungover and pissed off this morning 
stay up, take one for the team
Yes
Let's not risk it
We need a good name for Wood.
Swiss Army.
The LF
"Kerry"
The buzzsaw?
The D
Javy tag... just something else
Pat and Ron are really great at calling games. The feed is a bit behind the t...
I would marry Pat Hughes. Ron can officiate
When I started listening to the radio feed they started losing. I'm not liste...
the app I'm wathcing on  is about three or four pitches behind Pat and Ron. I...
Really enjoying them on AtBat. Much better than the Dodger guys.
How great was it when Pat was talking about Maddon.  Sounds like Joe got plen...
Eleven hours! I don't know the last time I've had eleven hours of uninterrupt...
He said he hasn't slept that long since college
Has Zobrist played the outfield the entire playoffs? I don't remember seeing ...
He's transitioning. He'll probably be the primary RF next season with Heyward...
#MonthofJavi is why Zob will continue to play in the outfield until he retires
I think Soler's first start had Zo at 2B
http://imgur.com/FZXF0lY
>This had the makings of a bullpen game

You spent the entire pregame and fir...
Remember that he is 20
Even though the Dodgers are getting blown out, it's so embarrassing to see so...
"Not in on the fun... 2 walks"

k. 
TFW you reach base three times and have no hits
Don't you dare touch my Kris!
lol Dodgers fans leaving early
Everyone needs a Szczur bat
Tomorrow Rizzo not only uses Szczur's bat but also shows up wearing his uniform.
Great Szczur's Bat!!
Keep that bat
Save some for tomorrow please lol.
Szczur is not allowed to have his bat back 
3 for 4 for Rizzo hopefully he can keep it up for the rest of the playoofs.
Anthony is back for good I think
Szczur needs to start a bat company.
**Hail Sczurbat**
Szczur's going to need a new bat next season.
Guys, whatever y'all collectively sacrificed to get Anthony out of his snap.....
Is this the Rizzo game or the Sczur bat game?
Rizzo with the Szszczcszcszczsur bat > regular Rizzo
Zoom in, that bat has "WONDERBOY" carved into the barrel.
That bunt started it all
Fuckin stop hitting kris!
Wood v Wood 
Dodgers trucking in fans to sit behind homeplate so the seats don't look so e...
Haven't been in the thread all night. But our boys showed us who they really ...
STROP A DOPED
How many cocktails deep is Rose?
Cocktail waitresses? Probably 6 or 7.
The old MLB on FOX music was just heard!
So, I didn't catch the pregame. Who chose who to win?
i chose the cubs to win, idk if that's important at all
The angle of the camera made me think that ball was going into the stratosphe...
What the fuck is prop 61?
Legalization of marijuana for California.
EDIT:
Wait, wait prop 64 is for mar...
No, it's something to allegedly standardize prescription prices
Yeah, I jumped the gun on that one. Too much prop 64 for me tonight.
Brb, moving to California 
Need a roommate?
You could just move to Washington. 
Don't you love that they don't say what it is but tell you vote no
Something about making state agencies pay the same for prescriptions as the V...
Based Pedro is best Pedro
I'm moving to California just to vote yes on 61!
I say we put Baez in to close
For information on [Prop 61](https://ballotpedia.org/California_Proposition_6...
@MartinShkreli
Welcome to the state of California. So many decisions decided by ballot propo...
Kinda defeats the purpose of a representative democracy. 
Okay, the shot to Murphy's was pretty funny.

Joe: "Wait till they see themse...
"Next round's on Smoltz!"

Fine Joe, I chuckled slightly.
[Whenever I see that pop-up ad for "Garbage Time" whatever the fuck that is, ...
Russell is on fire!
HOLD

ONTO

YOUR

BUTTS
Oh sure FS1 all of us millennials are just lazy entitled fucks right? 
if urias gets that call i will be severely unhappy
WAIT WAIT WAIT.

Gonzalez went out to talk to the umps about that play? That ...
Players are allowed to ask for explanation, no? Is it an ejection if he's not...
When?
Commentators said he talked to the umps about it between innings.
Exactly. Players get ejected for less all the time.
Not if he was getting clarification. Arguing is what gets you booted. 
That's actually a pretty good perspective from Urias right there.
SO SAFE FUCK YOU JOE BUCK YOU KNOW IT IS YOU ASSHAT 
If Baez' bat makes contact a nanometer earlier or later against Kershaw, the ...
*begins to speculate on the injury* "...BUT you don't speculate on the injury...
I don't wanna speak out of turn but if we clinch this thing in Chicago on Sat...
He's the only Cubs fan right?
He's my favorite Cubs fan.
And that fat dude from Curb Your Enthusiasm.
"The more you know about Prop 61 the less you'll like it. Now we will proceed...
What IS it about?
I hate that kinda stuff. What is prop 61 anyways?
I had to google it.  Apparently it's something about prescription drugs price...
Cause its about regulating the price of prescription drugs ... I feel as thou...
If it regulates prices without screwing people over I'm all for it.
I think i...
that /r/baseball postgame thread is going to be just a little salty
Guys I figured out why the Cubs have lost the last two games. So every playof...
I appreciate the sacrifice of your liver to the baseball gods for us but does...
It was primarily Miller lite for most of the victories-one W was at a brewery...
Well then pound away on the Miller Lite!
It will flow like wine 
Far and away the best cheap domestic beer. I'll take all your MLs
I've just never been a fan. Granted I live here in Seattle and there are lots...
Had a ton of Raniers when I was in Seattle. Not too bad at all.
Rainer is my go-to for cheap Seattle beer!
Read that as you did a shot of malort in there taint. 

Which is no different...
Why is Fox Sports so biased against Chicago? So many features on them and not...
Jason Heyward is more overpaid and more useless than Pablo Sandoval. 

Urias ...
Guys y'all mafukas need to chill we are scoring next inning or I chug a beer
Heyward can't hit fastballs.  Guy is some kind of shit.
I was leaning towards safe, but after Gonzalez's whiny little "Come on! Safe,...
#THAT'S WHY HEYWARD IS IN RIGHT
Fuck your whole bloodline Buck. I'm about to watch this in spanish and I don'...
Rizzo is in full on choke mode. I don't know what he can do to recover. Just,...
Hey guys, I don't want to take all the credit but I realized just after BenZo...
How is Pat and Ron vs TV even a question though.
You should do that anyway.
I mean. Why would you want to listen to Joe Buck?
Do that for your own sanity. Trust me, you'll be happier.
Yes. Without question. I also realized the only times I didn't drink beer whi...
Yes.
Yeah
Bases loaded and no outs, and we only concede two runs is a fucking WIN.
Guys...guys....THE CUBS ARE BACK
This work day is going SO slow.
[anxiety intensifies]
Where the hell is the excitement in here? We show up and ball out tonight and...
We are here to win this! Let's do the damn thing!
5 Game series, were down 1-0. Lets fucking do this
Honestly, if we can get one run in the first that'll be huge. I think our off...
Players I think are most likely to get the GWRBI tonight:

Russell

Baez

Riz...
naturally this will make Contreras the one to win it for us
I didn't hear no bell. 
My prediction for the night: It will be a solid victory, in fact we'll beat t...
Indians in the WS 
Fuck the Indians!

JK, but seriously the Indians haven't won the world series...
Haha this news cast is great.

"It could be creating golf ball sized TO AS LA...
golf balls are 2.6mm larger you scrub
which makes the report make less sense... shouldn't it be "TO AS SMALL AS" if...
Well he said ping pongs are larger so...
Jonathan Lucroy: "I think I made a big mistake"
Jesus Christ while them talking about tornado warning, breaking news comes al...
Was the chemical spill caused by a tornado?
Nope, it was in the suburbs just north of here, and the tornado warning just ...
jesus, is there a shark in the spill, just to pile it on? hope everyone is safe
One of these teams can beat Cleveland and their name doesn't rhyme with Rogers
I'M FUCKING READY! LET'S GO! LET'S FUCKING GO! FUCK THE LAST TWO GAMES, LET'S...
Im so fired up lets go Cubbies!
I hope the cubbies can get something going early, at least threaten to score....
I'm drinking some good ass beer tonight so my comments on here are gonna be v...
Not a big fan of ass beer
I should probably study my dissection now so I can actually watch the game wh...
I know, I have an exam Monday on it too. Ugggggggggggh
Twist: dissect the Dodgers
I mean Idk if I would get credit though.  
I AM READY AS FUCK FOR TONIGHT. LETS FUCKING GO BOYS. WE WERE THE BEST TEAM I...
Here's the issue: I haven't worn my Russell jersey yet this series. And I als...
I watched last night's game sober. It sucked. 
I have to watch every game sober ):
It hurts way more.
One thing I'm NOT doing tonight: watching the biased-ass pregame show.
Everyone make sure you're doing your weird superstitious shit tonight
I'm ordering the same dinner I had for game 1 when we scored 8 runs. And goin...
Already kept my Cubs hat enclosed in a shrine of 2 Hawks jerseys, 2 Jordan je...
Rally Blanket is standing by.
pray. got it.
I changed my flair
To say that I have nerves is an understatement. Let's do this shit y'all.
Can't believe Hillary is debating tonight. Obviously not a true fan
My anxiety is higher than ever right now and medicine ain't workin! Crackin o...
I really hope urias gets called on balking tonight! 
Hope he doesn't come in.
He's starting.
oh shit. I was thinking of their closer Jensen for some reason... don't ask m...
Didn't Joe talk to the umps about it too? I'm sure they'll be looking for it.
That's what they just said in the pregame.
I remember seeing him say something about it in an interview too, so good. Be...
It most definitely is. Kershaw's leg kick almost seems like a slight balk. It...
I hope they actually enforce it, because in the end of it all, it's against t...
Jays lost the ALCS.  Good things are already happening today.  
I like the Jays
:/
fuck u too
Bautista died so the Cubs can win. 
Now they can go back to being depressed about the Leafs.
We need to win this series so we can buy those sweet Pennant shirts! Let's go...
Joe really does look like a damn mad scientist lol.
Pointedly avoiding pregame coverage. 
Frank Thomas is right, Cubs need to score fast and early 
à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤ CLEVELAND GIVE US YOUR ENERGY à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤
I dusted off my JoBu. I gave him a beer. 

Tonight bats have no fear.
Oh this singer makes my soul dance
Let's light the kid up like a Christmas tree. Please?
Ugh oh.  I got drunk before the game.
**CHICAGO CUBS BASEBALL IS ON THE AIR**
The fucking pipes on that guy!
**LET'S GET SOME RUNS!**
Fuck, off, buck
Joe Buck enjoys bolo ties. 
good lord they are already on their knees sucking the Dodgers D 
Ahh the old Dodgers montage with some Cubs clips spliced in. Classic. 

Let's...
This first inning is going set the tone for the whole game. If we score a run...
#LET'S
#FUCKING
#GO
Read up on balks

[6.02 (a) (8.05)](http://mlb.mlb.com/mlb/downloads/y2016/of...
Jesus, page #?
There's a table of contents.
72
we need to start swinging at first pitches. pitchers get an easy strike every...
BABIP
Everyone in my group chat with their own spin zone on why the Cubs are actual...
this weak contact is weak af
No. Soft. Fucking. Contact.
the balls used during the cubs half innings at bat must be magnetic and the d...
I don't understand why it would be so easy to shut us down by pitching breaki...
Urias is 20 years old?? Dude looks at least 30-35.
The team has stopped being patient.  
Being patient is what is getting us in these 0-2 counts every single at bat. ...
Except for first pitch fast balls. They are *extremely* patient there.
The team has stopped being _______      fill in the blank and you've got the ...
Bad at baseball?
Well that was an inspiring start.
"He's good." No, we're just bad.
If they let this kid settle it's gonna be killer. Also we'll have to listen t...
Rizzo, still lost in the weeds... 
Great start guys
http://i.imgur.com/Uc2Pycc.gifv
I feel a lot safer with Lackey Contreras rather than Lackey Ross
19
Did everyone please the babip gods today? We could use their help.
Does John lackey have Amazing teeth or are those an implant
His mom was a horse. 
CHECKING IN FOLKS SORRY I'M LATE

LET'S WATCH THE BEST TEAM IN BASEBALL PLAY ...
Damn I need some fired up Lackey tonight. That Red Sox highlight was awesome
#Success! No first inning hit for Seager!
That ball didn't hit him. It bounced and then hit him.
Is that reviewable? It looked like it hit the dirt
love how buck and smoltz went silent when the replay showed the ball bounce
Lackey gonna get thrown out. I can feel it. 
What's happening?? Still at work and can't watch.
John is just homicidal as usual
Fuck yeah
Nooooo
Come on John, those are balls. Just execute.
welp

at this point all you can do is laugh
Lackey might kill Baez 
Love that reaction by Lackey. It's time for some fucking urgency. 
Jeez, Lackey. Chill.

Aw, who am I kidding. PANIC!
GOD DAMNIT LETS FUCKING GO
Lackey is mad as hell, get fired up!!!
Man Lackey was pissed at Baez.... wow
Out af
WILLSOOOOOOOON
Attaboy Willy
GET FUCKED!!! LET'S GO
100% Out, good job defense!
Whatta tag! 
Wilsonfingerwag.gif
https://gfycat.com/UnfinishedSecondhandBarasingha
http://media.gettyimages.com/photos/actor-silas-weir-mitchell-of-grimm-poses-...
Willy is becoming a favorite of mine
fuck yeah what a throw 
Can we please feed off the big mo, pretty please  
So... a 1-2-3??
Here's hoping that lights a spark. Let's go!
Not sure there could have been a more perfect throw in that situation.
I WANT TO HAVE WILLSON'S BABIES 
Smoltz is an idiot 
FOR THE REMAINDER OF THIS GDT IM FUCKING TYPING LIKE LACKEY FUCKING YELLS. BR...
Yep, usually I wouldn't like that, but someone's got to shake things up.
PLAYOFF BASEBALL DESERVES ALL CAPS
We need a gif of that yell after the error
THERES A NEW SNAPCHAT FILTER THAT LETS YOU ACTUALLY BREATHE FIRE!
#OOOOOOOOOOOO GOT EM
Russell with the heads up too that play.
LETS FUCKING GO!!!!! AND GET HITS
Damn that shit was dope
Little late to the game, but I'M ALREADY DRUNK AND READY TO SEE THE CUBS DO S...
Hell of a throw by Wilson, and an incredible play on Addi's end. Let's hope t...
How does Wilson throw the ball WITH HIS MASSIVE DICK IN THE WAY
Welp I just caught my dog chewing on my brand new heels so something has to g...
any time 1-11 ben zobrist wants to wake up is fine by me
That commentator made no sense.  
Is it just me or does it seem like Baez has turned a corner with plate discip...
i'm feeling sexy, boys and girls

i wasn't here yesterday and we lost and i a...
It's a good sign if Javy is taking walks 
#THAT'S A BALK LOLOLOL
BOOOOOOOOOO
Whether or not it's a balk now. This dudes walking on the line and he's gonna...
he fucking steps thats a balk
That's a balk. Can't step forward on pickoff.
HERE WE GO BOYS TAKE ADVANTAGE 
Utley =! Javy confirmed
he swung at the first pitch that's good at least
Guys, did you know Urias is 20? /s
Cubs are due for some breaks. A lot of breaks, actually. 
Hit a double into a gap Jason please 
why can't he catch up to 92
When he steps his ankle is turned - dude is all kinds of messed up at the plate
Let's go J-Hey, launch that sucker!
Bryant looks like he hasn't slept
He's seen things.
Why don't you talk about it a few dozen more times this inning, Buck?
Man Heyward has fouled off 4 meatballs
Man, Heyward just can't get in front of a pitch
Here we go Addison
Made him work for it at least
The St. Louis sleeper agent doing his job :/
Hahahaha he was swearing
FML
right to the mother fucker WHY 
Confidence booster
Pat had me for the slightest of moments there, then he reined it in when he r...
We've hit so many deep fly ball outs this series.

My heart can't take many m...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQ0ODCMC6xs
Gahhhhh that was so close
Best contact someone's made in two games
Cubs need to score first if they want to win this game. I have a hard time se...
what the fuck
meh. at least it was decent contact? 
Well, now Contreras's throw looks even better
Building up his pitch count isn't going to be enough. They're happy to go to ...
I still think Lackey's ugly af. 
if he leads us to the win he'll magically turn into george clooney or something
Pls bby. 
Not everyone can be KB.
We have a better skyline. Does that count for anything?
[Uh Oh Gonzales on Base](http://imgur.com/0Gvd9sv)
walking my radio mid-game has worked before. time to try it. come on, horsehu...
He gone!
SIT THE FUCK DOWN JOC. I DISLIKE YOU. LACKEY!!!!!!
God Angel sucks big fat cock
I'm sick of Fox. 
Hernandez is going to die. And Lackey is gonna kill him.
That's close shit shit shit shit
Where contact is made isn't conclusive.  No way the MLB can overturn that.
Clearly safe, c'mon man.
They might
Go for the base. Damn it. Fucking taught me that shit in little league.
Bad tag...
"There's two out, with two out."
-Joe Buck
Fuck Gonzalez 
The good ole face tag
I thought the throw was fine? What
no way they overturn that
how can this commentators call that fuck these guys
PLAY STANDS GOD DAMNIT
If hernandez does his fucking job and calls strikes that are in the zone we a...
no they arent fucking joe buck
Tag him on the arm, Willson! The fuck's wrong with you?
They're acting like its so obvious that hes safe but they dont know if the ca...
Cubs caught a huge break there
WE GOT A BREAK!!!!! 
FUCK YEAH!! 
Ooo what a break
why the fuck are we listening to gonzales' bullshit jesus christ fuck fs1
*smiles wryly*
#LUCKY AS FUCK
I think we stole one here, that looked safe on the replay. I guess New York f...
I approve of this turn of events.
Huge! 
Not complaining, but he looked safe.
Tough break for LA. He was probably safe but I DON'T GIVE A FUCK! 

LET'S GO ...
FUCK YES!
Get fucked Gonzalez
Wrong call for me. Whewft...but I'll take it.
Eat dick smoltz and buck 
FUCKING RIGHT!!!!
I REALLY DON'T KNOW ABOUT THAT CALL BUT ILL FUCKING TAKE IT LETS GO!!!!!! FUC...
That's the sign of things to come ladies and gentlemen.

Let's win a baseball...
Let's use that for some momentum and get some hits and runs!! Go Cubbies!!
Caught a break there, but the play was closer than commentators are making it...
I'm making the chicken roast. Carrots and taters are in the oven now. Thanks ...
Alright, new plan: win this game off technicalities, errors, and bad replays,...
So the Dodgers get on base with ease? Can we do that too?
Let's sucker punch them and get a double and string some hits together. Pleas...
[LETS GO CUBS](http://i.imgur.com/4IAm3DC.gif)
Hand wasn't all the way on the plate, let's take it and get some hits Cubbies
well at least we're getting the ball past the infield this time
BABIP
I need Toles to trip and fall just once... can we get a fucking ball to drop?!
Can we have one of those drop please? ffs
Everything right at them
Hard to win a game when the BABIP gods have it out for you 
So like, this team can't hit a breaking ball anymore?  What happened?
What if we win without a hit

that would be history, right?
No
I want to see where this happened
http://mlb.mlb.com/mlb/history/rare_feats/index.jsp?feature=no_hitter_loss
Ah, *postseason* history. That's a record to break.
time to slam a dinger, rizzo.

time to slam

a fuckin dinger 

#baby
Hot take: I want Anthony Rizzo to hit a donger
Rizzo if there was ever a time 
Ugh. The pitches to hit are there, but we're late as fuck.
Christ, Tony. 
This offense is cheeks 
Brb going down the street to kidnap a goat to sacrifice so we can get a fucki...
Nooooo hitter 
Rizzos bat speed is appalling right now.  Like he's trying to wave a surfboar...
ANTHONY HEYWARD
Rizzo it was in the catcher's glove when you swung 
Alright Maddon: Zobrist to First, Soler to Left and Rizzo to the Bench
Lol wtf
It looked like he was swinging a fence post there. Completely influid. Just l...
Rizzo is beyond concerning now. 
Where has my Rizzo gone? :(
Is that 3 for 53 now? How the dick is this happening?
Balk balk balk balk balk balk
Cubs are making every pitcher they face look like Kershaw .... Smh ... Let's ...
I'm so hot for Cubs, I'm so hot for Cubs 

 I'm so hot for Cubs but they're s...
Rizzo hits in the .290's all year... .080 in playoffs. Russel 95 RBI's ... .0...
This has to be Rizzo's identical twin. No other explanation. 
We need Baez ahead of Bryant or vice versa. At least we'll have an occasional...
What's happened to playing small ball to get guys on base?
This team has been swinging for the fences all year. 
I like Homers like anyone else, but we need baserunners.
That's not true in the regular season.  Even the Giants series, look at the G...
Another classic Fox moment: end halfway through the commercial and almost mis...
I'm also late to this thread but has there been any pregame statement about W...
How does that help score runs? There's like 5 holes in the lineup. You can't ...
You may actually have them see some better pitches to hit?   For example, wit...
Like I said there's about 5 automatic outs in the lineup right now. How can y...
In my downtime my GF posted in the GDT I'm I'm trying to figure out who she i...
You can take me off your list of suspects, I'm pretty sure I'm not anyone's g...
Probably the person who said theyre hot for Baez
I'm not dating *that* many people
I'm definitely *not* your gf. 
Fucking hate these interviews 
I hope the more these scoreless innings pile up the more it doesn't weigh on ...
If we pull off this game. It will feel like a straight Houdini escape.
....and sphincter tightened.
374 feet. Wew.
YEAH IT WAS A LITTLE SCARY
to that dude who was wishing "our guys would make contact like urias just did...
Now that's the kind of inning we needed.
quick fix idea: everyone use a lighter bat than usual
C'MON! GO CUBS GO!
It is time 
NICE BUNT!
there we fucking go zobrist

now everyone else bunt like that lol
OH MY GOD A BASE HIT A BASE HIT
Here you boys. This is the good shit. https://imgur.com/kvAi9Uz
Haha I love how excited all of us are about a bunt.
Lackey would've been pissed if someone bunted when he had a no hitter. Love t...
ðŸš¨ðŸš¨ the Cubs got a hit! ðŸš¨ðŸš¨
I'm done being negative and stressed. I say bring it fucking on LA. Urias, Ke...
this is the correct attitude

#LET'S GO
LOOK AT THAT SHIT THROW. LA IS GETTING TIGHT.

LET'S FUCKING GO!
Baby steps but I like your enthusiasm
Dicks out for HaramBAEZ
That moment when the team gets 2 hits in an inning and you're about to go str...
https://gfycat.com/SafeAffectionateKiskadee
Cubs are on the board!
#YES!!!!
WE SCORED A RUN!!!!!!!
Thank you motherfucking Jesus christ
#OH MY FUCKING GOD OUR NATIONAL NIGHTMARE IS OVER
We scored? WE SCORED!!!!!
FUCKING GOD DAMN RIGHT
You called it.
Changed my flair ;)
#THAT'S THE FUCKING SHIT
that was scary

#HOLY SHIT IT'S THE CUBS!
#I HAVE NEVER CHEERED LOUDER OR HARDER FOR A MORE UNDERWHELMING OH-GOD-WHY-AR...
Wow he should have been thrown our by a mile
Should we be excited that we finally manufactured runs? Because those three s...
They got batters on, they moved the over, and the got them on. That's basebal...
But it could spark the offense!!!
BABIP gods are on our side for once
Yes
We got a run!!!

Hopefully this breathes new life into the team.
YES. Willy showin up again. 

Looks like we've found our footing again. Let's...
LET'S FUCKING GO!! 
Thank God he missed lol
OH MY GOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!

WE CAN SCORE RUNS!
man what was he thinking sending Zobrist on that?? We got very lucky
Javy to Willson is going to be the greatest thing on the field, and with the ...
I AM STILL SO NERVOUS
LOOKS LIKE RUNS ARE BACK ON THE MENU BOYS!
Lmfao found Toles weakness
We did it! 
The seal has been broken!!!!
I want a Heyward squeeze bunt
NOBODY shuts out the Cubbies for 23 straight innings!!
That throw is part of the reason Toles was working at a Krogers not too long ago
Now that we got that first run I feel like the floodgates have been opened. I...
I sure hope so. I think the momentum of getting that call at the plate combin...
pls
I'd allow this.
THE DROUGHT IS OVER!!! 
Dodgers already got the bullpen working. Gotta jump on this kid now.
Contreras needs to be starting every game, catching every non-Lester start an...
#NOOOOOOOOOO GO AWAY PEDRO BAEZ 
all heyward has to do is suck as bad as he usually does and we could grab a run
welp, midnight game bois
Pedro Baez in the bullpen, I assume he'll have thrown enough pitches to warm ...
Pedro Baez warming up for the 6th. 
http://i.imgur.com/tnUvjOU.gif
Two, two runs?! What is happening
WE GOT ANOTHER RUN

PARTY
TWO RUNS!!!! TWO RUNS!!!!
I'll take it
CLASSIC HEYWARD
That was the ideal spot for him to bat. 
I cannot wait for Heyward next season. He's gonna be a fucking monster. 
Just like Lester. It's gonna be so sweet
He's gonna fix the shit out of his swing this offseason.
Fly another one here Addi. Get that first RBI.
0 INNINGS WITHOUT A RUN

I'VE BEEN WAITING TO TYPE THIS
WELCOME BACK ADDISON!!!!
Fuck Yeah Addison

ADDYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
FUCK YES!
This is what the fuck I'm talking about!!!!
#ADDISON FUCKING RUSSELL THANK FUCKING HEAVENS
ADDI!!!!!!!!!!!
THANK YOU FUCKING RUSSELL!
YESSSSSSSSSSS
LETS FUCKING GO!
#ADDY! 
#FUCKIN' YES ADDY
ADDI!!!!!
Fucking ADDIiiiiiiiiiii!!!!!!!!!!
We're doing something!
Addi Muscle is back
ADDY THANK GOD
this is some motherfucking offense guys!
Yes. Runs. I like when we get those.
#HE DID IT

#HE FUCKING DID IT
THE CUBS ARE FUCKING BACK 
well doneeeee adddiiiiiiii well done ....rizzo you are next.
FULL PENETRATION.
I have missed you dearly, my good friends BABIP and HR.
talk about a guy who needed it. FUCK YEAH!
Damn Seager stole a single there.
BANG BANG CHICKEN AND SHRIMP!!!!
Lackey is so pumped if that was a lower ball I bet he woulda looped that into...
Nice to see Russell shut up the haters! He sure is talented!
*"Fuck Yeah"*
Addison's reaction in the dugout, haha
"An elephant just came off his back" lol what?!
Addy "fuck yeah" gif, please. 
Addison Russell
Oh boy Human Rain Delay coming out 
IT'S NEVER OVER MOTHER FUCKERS WE'RE HERE TO WIN
I don't think I've ever screamed louder while alone
Urias was good until he wasn't 
So happy for Heyward and Addi right now
ABOUT GODDAMN TIME
What is life.
#WEAREGOOD 

Let's keep this feeling!
Can someone put together a gif of all the "fuck yeahs" the boys have had this...
I just had this crazy dog attack me because i was running around the house li...
I'm finally not stressed beyond belief. Hell of an inning. So happy for Addi!!! 
Inning aint over yet!
I'm so pumped for him! 
YEAHHHHHHHH BASEBALL IS FUN
Holy shit that must have felt so good for Addi
Lots a ball game left boys... keep the offence going...keep the defence going...
Keep this going, crush their souls 
I've had a dance party by myself in my room since the begin of the inning, ca...
LET'S FUCKING GO
I just did this 3 times: http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=KzlQWCdAkgo
Addison Muscle sighted!
I want Rizzo to hit a bomb so bad, let's bring the entire team back from the ...
 Lock this shit down now Lackey and bullpen. Would be nice to get some more r...
Now, as long as the defense doesn't mess up, Lackey won't have to kill anyone.
Won't *have to*, but what if he *wants* to? I nominate Angel Hernandez as the...
I've never shed tears in the 4th inning before but I'm a wet mofo right now
Let's chase baez so we don't have to watch 17 pick offs an inning. 
Or have it end on about six hours from now.  I need sleep and would like to a...
I'm right there with you! I just happen to make poor decisions and drink and ...
So fucking stoked for Addy 
I was rubbing my wife's feet after a tough day and the Cubs scored 4 runs may...
OPEN YOUR EYES
LOOK UP TO THE SKIES
AND SEEEE
why so urias?
Of course the fucker puts in the fucking rain delay when we're hot.  Trying t...
I feel like Fowler is significantly better from the left side of the plate
I changed my vibe and good things start happening. Good vibes everyone!!
they seem to be playing better since I started drinking again.
Changed the batteries or got a new one?

*giggles*
The "giggles" made that comment infinitely creepier.
*licks lips*
*barfs*
I think Zobrist deserves MVP.
He knows how to get things going!!
'splain yo self! 
Dude's an offensive leader, always gets stuff going. Excellent defensively an...
Cant disagree with anything said there! Definitely a game changer and a team ...
So its Lester vs. Maeda tomorrow? That sounds uh, fucking great. I thought it...
Urias kinda reminds me of the Russian pitcher in eastbound and down 
Proud Grandpa is proud. 
Cubs keep grinding out their at bats.  Finally seeing it pay off again.
If there's two things I know to be true, it's that George Bush hates black pe...
Kanye? Is that you?
I feel that HR collectively broke them out of the slump.
Shout out to Zob for getting us going!
No need to keep your arm warm Urias. You just retired at 20. Time to find a j...
Fuck yeah shit is working now
....there has been an awakening
I think people overlook how young our lineup is. We're growing with each game...
**CUBS ARE BACK BABY**
Honestly why do we need to know about his left eye. Seems ridiculous
Ok thats fine, thats good for him honestly
Because we all need to gargle Urias's balls. Did you know he's only 20? He's ...
i mean more than one person in here has been like wtf is with urias' eye so w...
I seriously was wondering about it right when Buck said it out loud. I'm sure...
C'mon, MVP. 
BATS ARE WAKING UP BABY!!! 
this is gonna be a long night for the dodgers
Please tell me someone's gonna upload the top of the 4th when this is all don...
Inning aint over with yet, and whoever said they felt five runs about to be s...
that's a great at bat from sexy dexy
Now THAT'S an at bat. That is good baseball right there
I need a KB dong in my life right now 
Haven't shotgunned a beer in like 4 years... I'm not a fast at it as I used t...
I need you in my life
#WE WANT MORE KB
Why is Buck talking about Urias' eye right now?
This is something I want to know about!!!

Bc it's a pretty badass story to think about the adversity he worked through
It IS a good story, but the timing couldn't be worse.
It's gotta be really fucking annoying for Urias that commentators feel a cons...
Buck annoys me too but that was probably a checkbox the producers wanted to h...
come on KB

Ruth!  Baby Ruth!
How genius was the bunt by Maddon, c'mon ya'll! 
That was about a foot and a half high
You know if everyone else wakes up and Bryant, Baez go quiet, I WILL FUCKING ...
bryant already got on base. so did baez. wearegood
It was more a comment about how those two have been carrying the offense so f...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myM3bagQ0MI

Cubs watched this before last ha...
I'm watching the Presidential ~~screaming match~~ Debate right now and I feel...
Oh yea, hows that goin?
We're only halfway through and I'm already two drinks deep.
Feel like seeing Russell get a big hit will wake Rizzo up too. I expect a Don...
I am glad we were able to chase the rook out early. Dude looked like he was r...
*Cubs up 4-0*

"Guys I'm sorry...I've been giving you 16oz when I've been cha...
Now I'm like more nervous about us holding
Putting the K IN LACKEY
STRIKEEEE THREEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Oh yes, get pissed off Dodgers.  Lose your cools.
hahahahaha dude's making an ass of himself
Turner has to be tired, he has to defend his tag titles with Rhyno on his off...
Pitch hit the knee, but either way the ump made a terrible ball call earlier ...
[and in one voice](http://33.media.tumblr.com/c7a8c0e9b2911435dc1b3e70b54d409...
I'm salty and hypocritical but
Dodgers GDT "THE UMPS ARE RIGGED THATS WHY WE'...
To be fair, that's how this sub looked last night
Yessir.
I'll take angry realists but you can't blame the Cubs struggles on ch...
That's this sub yesterday...
Damn wilson quit that shit!
You thought you had a walk boy!! 
Ahhhhhhh!!! 
Damn don't need to give them free base runners here. 
I've had one old style for every run we scored. 

So I'll just drink a few mo...
If Johnny Damon knocked up an extremely unattractive ginger, you would get Tu...
Get out of this inning with no runs scored please
lackey just needs to settle down. get a ground out or strike out.
Have you not watched a single game this year? He doesn't settle he's emotiona...
I have. but he was getting more than he normally does
Let's go Lackey!!
Thats a big strikeout.
That's the gunslinger we signed up for.
LACKEY YOU BEAUTIFUL BASTARD
I love a fired up Lackey pitching a shutout
alright Rizzo's turn to get an rbi
Just got home. Sugar cubes for everyone so far.
Guys, this is why we signed horse teeth this offseason

Love this guy!
Lackey!
SIT THE FUCK DOWN LA.
I used to hate seeing lackey all fired up on the angels and Red Sox and espec...
HUGE K
Fuck yeah, Lackey! That's the way you do it.
Fuck yeah Lackey
Lackey is fucking insane and I love it. Guy wears his heart on his sleeve and...
This. Not the way I'd want to be but I have a lot of respect for people like ...
He's exactly what we needed right now.
Lackey is a psycho and I love it.  He reminds me of Clint Eastwood in Gran To...
I feel like Lackey is one bad call away from a full on murder spree. Dude is ...
LETS FUCKING GO! RIZZO TIME TO JOIN ADDI ON THE OTHER SIDE!
I made it a point to turn the volume all the way down before even changing th...
So, I just realized: I got home from work and took my pants off (it was hot t...
Ya gotta do what you gotta do
I figure I get together with that guy who has the lucky pants, and we form an...
Offer to take cialis before work if that helps the views. 
It's worse than that. Next week I have to interview people.
You have a desk I'm assume? Don't stand up
Len just had the greatest foul ball call, ever.
RizzBOMB!
beautiful 
SLUMP BUSTER!!!!!
RIZZZOOOOO
Should have benched Rizzo and Addi.
#JIZZOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
DING DONG THE SLUMP IS DEAD!
double slump killer dongs 
MUAHAHAHAHAHAAH!  I KNEW YOU COULD DO IT!


We woke up bitches!
Maddon maniacially cheering as always
#IT'S ABOUT DAMN TIME!
MOON SHOT
That honestly felt so good 
FUCK YEAH RIZZO!!! 
HE DID IT
WE EATIN FAM
All praises the based God 
THE BOYS ARE BACK
"Oh that one didn't stay fair? K" -Rizzo
[RIZZO](/#WeAreGood)
So crazy how contagious hitting is. 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES BELOW THE HIGH FIVE TRAIN IS ON ITS WAY
#HE'S BACK!!!
oh my god I am legitimately so happy for Rizzo. he deserves this. this is wha...
RIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIZOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO


that's another shotgun for ...
and a shot for me, let's go baby!
I hope I go throught all 18 of my beers tonight.
I don't hope I go through all my whiskey tonight because that would be danger...
If you told me Addi and Rizzo would homer in today's game I would.....probabl...
Is this the moment they become the cubs again????
YES RIZZO!!!! That's both of our big clutch RBI guys hitting HRs to get out o...
#THANK YOU BASEBALL GODS!
Slumpbusting beauties
RIZZO just broke out in a big way
OUR BATS ARE GETTING LIKE KATY PERRY AND ARE OFFICIALLY WIDE AWAKE!!!!
FINALLY
WE WILL NEVER STOP SCORING
IM SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW
Thats how you break a slump!!!
DATSwing
Thats a series changing moment right there 
RIZZOOOOOO!
Game 4 has officially become the "venting" game. J-Hey probably going deep next.
I love this team no matter what. So happy to see them happy and playing hard ...
lol rizzo needs to apologize to the ump
RIZZOOOOOO!!!!
Rizz on ya face
I've missed that swing. 
#I LOVE THIS GAME. I WANT TO SEE MORE LIKE IT.
RIZZZZZZZZZZ!!!! If we win, we guarantee we go back to Wrigley! Let's go!!!
Thanks for that strike 2, ump! Otherwise we would have just been on first
I expect a video soon of someone eating their hat.
Watching the debate on my phone while cheering for the Cubbies on tv! WOOT! G...
This political race isn't democracy. 
2 HRs in 1 AB!
Are there that many slump busters in LA?  

I have been to LA.  Getting a rea...
Respect to that defensive effort. *The Testicles of Reddick*
WE ARE SO CLOSE
I absolutely love seeing the guys in the dugout happy and joking.

So relaxed...
Hey, he's in the stands!  That's a souvenir you can keep, guys.
I'm sorry for doubting you Addi. We can do this Cubs fans!!!
#I AIN'T AFRAID OF NO GOATS 
Joe Buck fooled me, I feel shame....
What a tease with that angle
Even our outs are good ABs
HAMMER BAEZ

HAMMER HIM
Fuck you Joe Buck 
#GOOOOOOZZZZZFRAAABBAAAAHHHHH
The bats are popping boys!
Shit, Cubbies catching up to my 6 oz of MalÃ¶rt. I'm going to need to pour mor...
Ewwww
I don't mind it if I'm in the mood to drink. It's weird, but I kind of like it. 
4 HR in 2 innings..theyre back!
Baez brother is out 
That's out of most parks 
Are we back? HOLY SHIT ARE THE CUBS BACK!!!??????
this is good, this is nice
Aww man! I wanted more meatballs from their Baez
Damn, they are pulling Pedro Baez and I think it's already Friday night.
Poor Zo man... he's crushes em and they always come up just a few yards shy. 
All of the games I've watched at home we have lost. I'm watching at work now....
Don't go home until the weekend ends
Where will I sleep?
Hmm.. Do you have a cubicle?
Nope. Part time bartender/ broke college kid
#Joe Buck for Indians DH
I didn't realize the Cubs had 2 Baez's on the team
Lol freedom swings
Baez will walk right here just watch
... I can't tell when your knee jerks
I like our chances against Johnny Bullpen.
That "chick in the water fountain" commercial always makes me laugh. The acti...
So realistic.... dude too scared to complain.
I know! I've been embarrassed by dates before and that's exactly how it went ...
No how about they put up zero runs.
Double play setup.

My body is ready. 
Come on Lackey, buckle down
Just calm down John, you've got this.
I want this to become something that gets posted on /r/dpporn
LACKEY DOESNT SLACKEY HE'S GOT OUR BACKEY THROUGH THE 5TH INNING-ey
Lackey making me clench.
Get lackey the fuck out of there.
Triple play
This isn't good
Better than them getting hits.
Lackey not happy there
"u fuckin kidding me?" 
Alrighty Monty let's do this.
Pleas throw strikes Monty
Sucks that Lackey won't get the W. He had a look of "Wtf are you doing right ...
He literally said "are you fucking kidding me?"
We good fam. Stay positive.
Really good job Lackey 
dont get it why they kept trying that backdor breaking ball if its clearly no...
Almost came back from that 3-0. Looks like he lost his grip on the ball on th...
Only way to get a triple play, right? 
Monty is gonna chew up these innings.
Lackey is going to bite through the Gatorade cooler
Hey it's the string bean slinger  warming up
Give up 2 or fewer runs in this inning, I will be satisfied.
That is a stunning strike 2
I have faith in Monty here
I think we are fine what about you guys?
Okay I am eating the very last remaining bits of my lentils. Let's hope this ...
mmm lentils
I was eating them every time you guys scored
Then tomorrow you need to go to the grocery store, buy all the lentils, then ...
Ahahaha! Alright but you should ask me a little more nicely cos right now you...
Not an order, just a strong suggestion! Besides, as a Giants fan I assumed yo...
Ahahahaha, no no, I haven't eaten lentils in a long time. 
there's one. let's fuckin go boys.
If we get out of this without a run scored, I will chug 2 beers
#MAGIC MIKE
Full monty!
Monty with some real shit with the bases loaded.
Every conference I want the hidden ball trick
There's unlucky, then there is that 
That's why you have fielders Mike

It's ok we still have lots of baseball left
Technically it'd be better if we had less baseball left
True but, I'd like more runs
If he doesn't touch that, it's a double play. Fuck.
Damn it Monty that's a fucking DP ball 
Good play Rizz

that was wacky haha lets keep it at 2
Great play by Rizzo to hold the runner
Great job by Rizzo there
Hometown scorekeeper gave Turner a hit for that bullshit.
Smoltz just said points
I wonder if Lackey will give Monty a purple nurple 
This Dodgers team is so fucking annoying. Stay the fuck down!
Please get the fuck out of this inning without anymore damage.
Unclench... that could've been worse but it also could've been better. I'll s...
wew lads
Monty did great. Goddamn we robbed Seattle.
At pitching yes. Fielding no 
That was a reflex, any pitcher sticks his glove out there. 
that wasn't a bad inning. if Russell throws that ball away, then it's a bad i...
God damn cardiac cubs
We need to score more runs to pad our lead.

The Dodgers will not go away.
This guy next me to is trying to explain the intricacies of his pyramid schem...
hey heyward hit a fly ball to the 2B that time
hell yes Addy
Whoever this producer is needs to be fired. Who goes to a replay in the middl...
Yeah! Keep working those errors!
That move is what we call the Javy wannabe
haha what the fuck was that throw

that slow mo lol
*Russell is totally stealing signs now.*
#FUCK THE DH
FUCK THE DH!!!
Monty like "Sorry guys, I'll get the runs back"
I just can't believe how obviously biased against the Cubs buck sounds. I mea...
I think he just mocks whichever team gives the impression it has less momentu...
You can take the Cards fan out of eastern Missouri...
do you need to buy any cialis  by chance
What's weird, though, is the guys at /r/dodgers are saying he's biased agains...
Maybe it's because we are so used to our homer announcers when we get someone...
Me: Hey.....FUCK THE DH

Mom: *nods intensely*
Fuck the DH anyone? 
Ah fuck yeah Montgomery \#pitcherswhorake
I'm sorry, did you say fuck the DH or fuck the Dodgers?
C'mon Fowler, let Montgomery jog home.
I'm late, but 

#FUCK THE DH
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
GOT ONE BACK! Lets get the other one.
Now put this one out of reach KB.
Great base running by Monty
That team controlled starter on 3rd is ok by me.
Monty jumping out of the way of the ball at first is pretty good baserunning ...
The DH is a lie?
I'm feeling a homer here soon. Anybody else?
Scared of him. But Rizzo has the mokey off his back, so...
RIZZOLI RIZZOLI SEND 'EM ALL HOMERONI!
Ride the lightning Rizz!
GRAND SLAM RIZZO TIMEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Rizzo grand slam.

Calling it.
I don't know about you guys but I'm ready for a second helping of..

#RIZZOBOMBS
#RIZZO IS ABOUT TO HIT ME A SOUVENIR TO SAN DIEGO!
Six runs, six ounces: [Before]( http://imgur.com/KPpAjDO) and [after]( http:/...
I'm enjoying your updates. Keep drinking! 
That last two shots nearly  [emptied the bottle]( http://imgur.com/c6YccP6). ...
This ball is on a one way flight to dick slap city
Why are the comments on a one minute delay?
Probably because there's like 6500 of them
Debate has crashed Reddit a bit.
They gotta be stupid to pitch anyone other than Kershaw against Lester, let t...
Lol did Fowler run over the ump
God bless this team!!!!!!
YEAH RIZZO 
I LOVE SCORING
Take that, Angel Hernandez
WELCOME BACK ANTHONY RIZZO 
[deleted]
I like this Stripling fellow. He was a good addition to the team.
Watch your back bitches, Rizzos back!!
He lives!
#RIZZOSWHORAKE!
Using Szczur's bat.

RIZZSZCZURRRR!!!
Take from Szczur that which is Szczur's.
A little Szczur salad for Rizzo
#IM SO HAPPY I COULD KISS JOE BUCK
Slump buster!!!!!!!!
THE RETURN OF THE RIZZ!

THE RIZZ STRIKES BACK!

A NEW RIZZ!
The return of MVP Rizzo
Alright, let's burn their pen to the ground tonight. 


Also, I apologize. Wh...
HEY UMP, GET OUT OF FOWLER'S WAY.

Well thank goodness.   You did have a feel...
Alright. so 3 shotguns may as well do it during the pitching change
hell yes!  We're back baby!!!!
I want more runs, I want them to score like 15 runs.  Make them use the bullpen
I want to see them shell them for the past two games
Chew up the pen and get to the starter early tomorrow.
[me irl](https://img.ifcdn.com/images/a30c827cc8943d547642286bb18857e3082887e...
My erection is so fully erect and erected right  now. 
Guys I'm running out of Jameson what do I drink if the Cubs keep scoring!?
Anything it takes
DODGER BLOOD
HERE WE GO

DON'T FAIL ME NOW O HOLY SHIRT
How is the shotgun guy doing? He's clearly the key to this offense.
I WANT MORE 
We've been doing a lot of two strike damage tonight. Love it. 
[deleted]
Can you make the finger guns shoot up votes? That'd be gold. 
[You're pretty good](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MF1_MrEMpew)
Nice play.... but safe
Holy shit, safe
SAFE!
He is so SAFE.
Wow. Safe and it wasn't even close.
SAFE BITCH. SAY IT!
#RESPECT90
Wow that call was straight up trash
Safe!
"I'm not saying anything" THAAAANK YOU
woah. Safe! By a lot. 
Fuck Buck
lol yep we rigged this game
We juuuuust couldn't fork up enough money to rig the last two shutout games
What are we, the Yankees?
**BAEZ GRAND SLAM TIME**
hahahaha as much as i love to hate these guys that "i'm not saying anything" ...
Javy please. Do it for the gfy
Joe Buck sounds so bitter over the out call at the plate.
Dude Joe Buck is such a hater
#LMAO
Little league fielding hahahahahahahahahahaha
YAAASSS SLAY CUBS SLAYYY
Baez did fine so far Smoltz... wait, um... da fuq dis little league shit?
LMAO WHAT
10 runs!!! Hell yeah!
Holy shit I just laughed out at loud at my desk. Worst defensive play ever??
AHAHAHA DODGERS FALLING APART
Dodgers defense completely unraveling. Beautiful.
That play was simultaneously r/headsupbaseball and r/headsdownbaseball material
What a gong show.
Catcher cant catch. 
Never seen Rizzo run that hard lol
And some of you were already preparing the noose yesterday......
More like way too many -.-
Some?
What are you even trying to say?

Fuck you Smoltz lol.
Fuck the dogers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Welcome back offense!!!!!! 
Wow, Joc blew that one. Zo was out easy, probably before the run scores.
**WE WANT MORE RUNS 10 IS NOT ENOUGH**
This. This is the game we needed.
Remember those games against the Reds?
I member!!!
this kills the defense
Apologies for poor english. where were you when dodgers defense dead?
i was sat at home drink spicy water when rizo and ruseel make conference cal
...
I was sat on couch using many tissues.
I am feeling so relaxed right now. This is great.
Pressures on the Dodgers boys!!!
top fucking kek right here boys and girls
Memmmmmber thissss teammmmmm 
Dare I remind you all; WE ARE GOOD!!
Are the seats clearing out yet?
no it's all cubs fans
Time to D up. Let's go guys. It's comfortable but it isn't over. Don't let up. 
I need more beer and whisky
fuck yes! Not only do put up crooked numbers but we've done that multiple tim...
i love me some willson contreras. he busts his ass on every play
It's going to be great to go back at it again tomorrow.  Gotta keep these hot...
#POUR IT THE FUCK ON CUBBIES WOO WOOOOOOO
feels like I just released a nut that I've been holding for months 
You drowning?
I'm swimming 
since miggy's slam at least.
Nothing like a 3 hour 5 and a half innings 
we need to break them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygQvB6OjHOU
I was wondering which would break first, their bodies or their soul
Today I like when baseball baseballs... Woooo!!!!!
honestly fuck r/baseball
Are they still going on about Gonzalez being out?
They have seriously turned on us since we beat the giants. Its pretty crazy.
What's going on over there?
they being salty bitches over there?
It looks like Joe took the offense from the lost & found
there is so much whiskey in my body right now
Don't sound so depressed Joe, that the series will end in Wrigley if we win t...
Audio guy was ready right away to cut it haha
Yo his voice definitely just cracked. 

Oh and that's a strike. Announcers si...
Throw that that dip shit out
Let's talk a little about the rest of the series.  
If our bats stay like thi...
Sleep deprivation, maybe?
Sleep deprivation, adrenaline, caffeine from tea, alcohol from whisky...  
ki...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lu3VTngm1F0
"That's fucking TERRIBLE!!" -Peterson
<3 Monty
I wouldn't mind having LilZ get the nine-out save tonight. With Lester going ...
Monty has been a star, despite the runs earlier. 
Man that wasn't his fault, it was all reflexes. He got a double play ball aft...
I agree, it was a tough break. Still like his performance though.
A quick 1-2-3 after a big cubs inning. Fuck yes!
That's awkward moment when
Idk the Dodger were confident now the Cubs are
Wha...
This team is looking loose again. So much different from last night.
It is staggering how that tightness is just so visibly...gone.  
Baseball psy...
It is, no more dragging their bat to the dugout with their head down. Rizzo a...
Where's that fat mouth bitch plashke at?
Gonna be a long night for me...been working on my senior thesis, but I keep g...
Pink hat guy being interviewed on ABC news right now.  
83 year old mom has ground out, I have strikeout. 
Ha! Take that, Mom!
We're classy bitches. 
All I want for Christmas is a Heyward dinger
Derek Jeter thinks Anthony Rizzo has class #3classy5me
Russell has been seeing the all really well tonight.
Loving the solid contact Russell has gotten all night
what did rizzo say to the ump???? my game audio is on spanish  and they didnt...
He said "my bad, that was my fault in the last at bat" referring to going ear...
He said sorry for assuming it was a walk
awwwwww I love Rizzo, and thank you man I really appreciate this.

How can you not?? <3
Essentially, an awkward "sorry about that, you were right about that pitch." ...
Russell is looking so close
Hip hip! 
JorGe
I couldn't hear the umps convo with Rizzo, what did they say?
TLDR; He wants to have his babies
He said sorry for walking off on that pitch that Angel called a strike in the...
Nice. Well done, Rizzo.
Also want to note Angel said something like, "that's why you're such a stand-...
Ugh, every time I see Edwards pitch I always am reminded of that one kid doin...
My God Carl Ed is the truth 
The dodgers will eat their stringbeans and like it!
I hope someone can get a .gif of that hop by Contreras
SLIM REAPER IN BEAST MODE.

Also, will you strike out with GOLD COAST BANK?
I do believe that as a fan I am incapable of striking out with Gold Coast Bank!
NOT CUB FANS
DANG RIGHT!
#TIL Contreras is part Russian
anyone know where to stream the postgame?
What is the "classy" thing that Rizzo did I keep seeing referenced 
Apologized to the home plate ump for walking to first after a close strike ca...
After he thought a pitch was a ball and a walk was called a strike he apologi...
Had a really nice chat with home plate ump.
After thinking he was walked and dropping the bat, pitch was called strike an...
Apologized to Angel (home ump) for starting towards first when he thought he ...
https://www.clippituser.tv/c/twitter/zqear
SLIM REAPER 
Dude, Contreras. 
Do anything wtf.
You are hilarious.
Carl? Why is Trainer Claus seeing you off the mound :(
Shit I hope CEJ is alright :(
Uuuuuuuugh never like seeing PJ come out. I'm sure he's a great dude, but he'...
Carl's Jr. Nooooooooooo
Fun fact: [Aroldis Chapman and Carl Edwards Jr were 1 and 2 in MLB in whiff r...
Awwwww, this means we just missed Baez to Baez AND Wood to Wood.
Our Wood is the hardest Wood
Seeing a pitcher named Wood really threw me off for a sec there
*Three straight Rizzhits*
Rizz on me
Rizzo! #staywoke
Sure looks like Tony is heating up!
This is good
May Szczur's bat live forever!
My daughter is 7. I want her to marry Anthony Rizzo when she's old enough. 
Settle down, Trump
I'm trying not to get too high since we've seen the low's.

But I will say......
As good as Kershaw is he's injury prone and hasn't had full rest this whole p...
Roberts said he wasnt going to. And kershaw threw a bullpen session today so ...
I hope he does! I feel like he's the type of pitcher you want to face in clos...
Maybe we can actually light him up tomorrow.
I would hope so.

The main reason I see him going tomorrow is their expectati...
Roberts said before the game it'll be Maeda

If he puts Kershaw in instead it...
Wee need to make sure that bat doesn't break somehow 
Just setting up the dramatic ending if it ever does break.

"Pick me out a wi...
Nice catch Puig
Are..are they booing Puig? 
Nah, they're saying Puiiiiiiiig
[I was saying boo-urns!](https://frinkiac.com/meme/S06E18/1055353.jpg?b64line...
Assuming they're yelling PUIG
Damn that was a good catch. 
Puig is a Dodger that I like. There are three of them.
Some guy is getting killed in the crowd.
Patrick Mooney just tweeted that it's hamstring tightness for CEJR.
Baez wants yard. 
i have returned and i am happy with things
Got heeem
Come on.  I just wanna see one Dodger blow up and get thrown out.
my gamecast says Strop is pitching to Baez, wat the fuck
Javy got bored while the Dodgers were up, stole home again and then decided t...
gamecast does a shot after every run...he's a bit tipsy tonight
Javy is that fast
Hey guys, tilt your hats!
Whenever I listen to the gane on the radio without my dad this NLCS we win. W...
This whole game in one sound for the dodgers is a record needle skipping 
Toles' photo in At Bat looks exactly like a black Santa Claus. 
Larry King left lol 
the whole stadium did in the 7th
I don't think he left, he just expired and turned to dust. 
He was scooped into some tupperware and taken out.
why the fuck do I care about California's Prop 61 I live in fucking OHIO=
Jhey pops up to shortstop for a change
There's the 

#VROOM VROOM
addison is WOKE
I'm probably going to be really tired tomorrow at work, because the adrenalin...
Nah, I'm going to sleep like a baby.  I needed this. 
Weird, I just noticed At Bat has the midday background for Ganeday. 
well you know the saying, no pain day, no Ganeday. that's what game 3 was about.
You are all being fucking crazy. Calm down 
Historically bad offensive performances from 33% of your lineup will do that ...
Had Goat Curry for lunch today, we got this
mmm, so good. Are you in Chicago? I could use a goat curry recommendation
Nope, Kansas City. 
[deleted]
The Indian place? Taj Palace on 39th street. They have a really good lunch bu...
[deleted]
NP! Don't forget to get some BBQ too!
So here's where I am this series: I'm getting married just a few miles from W...
Congratulations! Two new rings on Saturday could well lead to more
Well we didn't come here for a haircut.
Buddy got married during White Sox World Series.    All the guys were in the ...
That wasn't a HBP it bounced first...(?)
You can be HBP on a bounce. 
That's dumb.
Still counts
Doesn't matter
Hey guys! I won't be able to stick in the thread tonight cause I'm working th...
Love ya
:-*
Of course you think that, Joe Buck. Cunt 
Something very telling about the Dodgers and umpires this series that Justin ...
HEYWARD YOURE SWING FUCKING HURTS TO WATCH BUT WAY TO FUCKING BATTLE UO THERE 
WHY ARENT WE STEALING THESE SIGNS GOOD ENOUGH
At least Addison put the ball in play. More than you can almost ever say abou...
Jesus Christ. He has a better post season average than Addison
Horrible and horrendous isn't a big difference. And at least Addison had a go...
I don't care that he's not on the roster Eloy Jimenez should pinch hit for He...
That entire inning we manage... 1 walk. Fucking pathetic.
Addy made good contact on a curve from a LHP. That's a good sign. 
Yep. That was a nice poke. Should give him some confidence
That is NOT indisputable. What a fucking joke. Dodgers have got every break i...
his hand was hovering over the fucking plate that his not the purpose of the ...
God damnit. Gonna be safe. Why was Heyward lolly gagging with the throw?
I wonder if he thought he wasn't going? 
Most likely but still, hes gotta get that ball in quickly. He's not doing any...
That's a fucking gift, he was safe. We better capitalize.
Guess it wasn't that bad of a throw WAS IT JOE BUCK
Nah it was still bad. Contreras just made up for it.
It was a pretty bad throw honestly...
and here come the conspiracy posts

because everyone knows the team that alwa...
I think that's the first call we've gotten all series. I feel zero remorse.
FUCK JOE BUCK.

Yeah, he's probably safe. But honestly, you cannot 100% say h...
I'm sorry I doubted you, Cubs. Will you take me back? I was wrong, you were r...
I stopped by the dodgers thread to give props for Reddick's effort in RF and ...
Joe buck has god-like powers 
Everyone focuses on them talking about the other team. It's classic selection...
I might like to see Lackey start game 7 if the short rest doesn't hurt him. I...
Why is Montgomery hitting

EDIT: Fuck the DH
Just to say fuck the DH!
THATS WHY
#THAT'S WHY
Because fuck the DH?
Because Fuck the DH thats why :D 
Joe masturbates to RP hits
That's why
That's why.
Thats why. haha
because he was gonna get a single
Well, shit. I said I was going to go shot-for-run with MalÃ¶rt and finished th...
damn, it don't get more Chicago than that.
It's bitter, but familiar. I finished my bottle at the end of the last season...
Why the fuck was he running on a 3-0 count?
Because of exactly what happened. If it's ball 4= free base. If turner single...
Because he's a moron.
Right? There's 2 outs, you're down 8. Literally nothing supports a steal 
I missed the Rizzo homer earlier because I was doing my civic duty by watchin...
So how fucked are we between the two?
I'm still deciding between Ken Bone, Harambe, and SMOD.
Another shit show I presume?
It was a bizarrely issues oriented debate for the first half hour or so, but ...
Dodgers, worst fans in the League? Sheesh it's a ghost town
Just glad the ghost of Larry King is gone. Geez that guy is creepy. 
Not even sure if 'fans' is the correct word.
Bryant could totally play short if he wanted
Can't blame Monty.  Do you guys understand how reflexes work.  They're reflex...
Yes I can. He should know where Russell's positioned for the current hitter.
It has nothing to do with where Russell is positioned, despite Joe Buck's shi...
This series will be 2-2 after tonight. Mark my words. 
Then Maeda vs Lester tomorrow, then to Wrigley. If we get this one I'll be fe...
Breaking news guys. like yesterday Vegas flipped on the Cubs right before the...
Vegas is very near LA.  Lots of bettors. 
Awful at bat by Fowler to start the game. Too bad April/May Fowler is gone fo...
[deleted]
>You guys don't understand Joe Buck his job is to suck

FTFY
Can't review the bounce? WTF
Baez walked
Here come the "legal" pickoff attempts
Sorry, really trying to be positive but Joe and John are just awful. It's laz...
Holy fuck those pubes on his chin
This is so FUCKING stressful
I'm proud of myself. I adjusted my speaker settings to the point where I can ...
0.122 OPS would be bad for a pitcher.
Why... why do the babip gods hate us so fucking much.
#THE BLUEST OF BALLS 
MY BALLS ARE TRUE CUBBIE BLUE RIGHT NOW FUCK 
Cubs blue even.
Contact is being made. We can do this
Shit! The Dodgers can't keep catching these breaks. 
You have my full support. Sure, it didn't help the Blue Jays, or the Raptors....
#HOW THE ACTUAL FUCK DOES ANGEL HAVE A JOB?
If Heyward can't even make a good throw there, he shouldn't be on the playoff...
Suck it douche face Gonzalez.
Probably the right call considering what was called on the field.  You cannot...
That's what I'm thinking. They must have seen some space between the plate an...
I hate that, though. If he beat the throw and avoided the tag, he should be s...
Can they fellate the dodgers any more?
Google Urias. The comment about his eye was read word for word of Wikipedia ....
LMAO!!

And those are the kind of things that happen to the Cubs in the postseason bu...
Buck sounds way less excited than the last couple of games 
Addy, the bandwagoners might have hated you, but the real fans always loved you.
I hope [this "Cubs fan"](https://imgur.com/2vSg5nM) feels like a giant piece ...
Is it me or does Gonzales seem like a colossal douche?
Seems like a cool guy.
If I hear one more person say "well we showed some life and got some people o...
~~We're getting hits and getting on base. One step at a time. We can't just h...
WE WALKED AND THEY HAD A ERROR! WHAT DAMN HITS
Yeah that's my bad I'm just happy we're on base while seeing the ball fly a b...
BECAUSE IT *IS* A GOOD SIGN THAT ADDY PUT GOOD WOOD ON THE BALL

Jesus Christ...
Seriously, we managed 1 walk in that inning. Nothing more.
I'm already sick of Joe Buck. He's talking about UrÃ­as like he's a 15 year ve...
Reading these comments has literally given me cancer. Wtf is going on?
Bandwagon fans. And dipshits.
You may be...*right teous!*
https://66.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ls07hb8Eg31qbp7p5o1_500.gif
Accurate
19 innings without a run does things to people.
We all need to channel our anger to empower Lackey
Cubs fans are not an optimistic bunch
Well some aren't. I am
it's actually better than the last game, if you can believe it
I get it's frustrating but can't people wait til the 5th fucking inning?
Exactly
We are about to be in the 20th inning 
Playoff baseball is a hell of a drug Â¯\\\_(ãƒ„)_/Â¯ 
Been a lot of trolling
Do you expect sunshine and lollipops?
It's been half an inning. Give it some time
*cubshine
And rainbows!
Team hasn't scored in 19 innings. Half of the sub is panicking. The other hal...
Fuck this limp dick offense 
Guys will you all calm your tits? Monty was trying to play good heads up base...
This....what did everyone expect him to do?
No idea. 
Man, if we don't make it (god forbid) I'm definitely rooting for Cleveland.
I am, mainly because one of their relievers is from my town and went to the s...
Andrew Miller would probably hit .400 with 3 hr plus 4 saves and a 0.00000 era
I hit against Zach in High School. Struck me out on 3 fastballs looking. I'm ...
I'll likely not watch it really.  Fuck Cleveland, Fuck the Dodgers. 
I don't understand the hate for Cleveland. Is it Lebron? I must be in the 10%...
After getting alll offended with the burning river photo while having a racis...
100%
But...Muh DH fucking...
I don't think Cleveland could handle two championship teams in one year. The ...
They have the Browns to ground them
I'm not, Cleveland can suck it
I can watch this whole game. We are going to win!!! We have to!!
So a question - I've been wearing my Santo shirt for the entirety of the post...
You need to wear all of them at once and switch one out per inning.  Record t...
I know you meant it as a joke, but I would absolutely do this for a Cubs win.
Reminds me of those Colbert superstition clips from earlier this year.
The only thing I'm superstitious about is baseball.
Let's go baby! We are going to win today! We are going to quiet every single ...
Someone took the username HeywardForMvp after my comment lol
Here in Vegas, everyone's talking about the stupid debate at UNLV and I'm rea...
My presidential choice got a whole lot easier when I found out Hillary is a C...
I typically go to a bar to watch the game but the last time I did that, they ...
My question for the debate:  
  
Me:  Mr. Trump.  What is your opinion on the...
If my boy Bernie were on the stage

Sanders: fuck the DH
Bill Platschke (spelling? Who cares) was on around the horn absolutely destro...
I honestly can't fathom why anyone would want to watch that show in 2016
I'm not sure how many of the Skip and Shannon commercials I can endure tonigh...
Dicks are out tonight fellas!
My stitious sense tells me it's the right time to actually have a unique flai...
Watching the Cleveland Toronto game right now. These announcers might be wors...
I like the main guys voice, I forgot his name though.

I'd take him over buck...
"Elevator" Ernie Johnson.  I really like his NBA stuff on TNT, he rarely does...
I can agree with that. The other guy though, not a fan. It's like a weak New ...
The other guys are Cal Ripken Jr and Ron Darling.
That's basically arguing which turd smells better.
Hawk is announcing those games now? 
Cleveland is moving on.
Nothing would get the bats coming again quite like a lead-off donger from Fow...
Damn, two of Cleveland's teams have reached the Finals of their respective sp...
Well, the AL Curse team won, now is time for the Cubs to get the job  done.
I WANNA BE LOUD BUT I CANT SINCE IM IN A SMALL APARTMENT, SO CAN I JUST TYPE ...
Just yell anyway, my neighbors know better than to interrupt the game.
The news just advised us to bring in wild animals to protect them.  What the ...
We got this shit. Offense comes back tonight 
Which beer is luckiest to drink tonight?
All of them
Guinness, obviously.
Malort
This is never the answer
Old style or anything goose island
Choices?
everclear
312
Old-style 
mmm, massively available?
found the out-of-towner
hahaha, I'm not hard to spot.
I want dingers who is going to get me dingers
Rizzioli rizzioli give us the homeroli 
Song of the day: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCtzkaL2t_Y
My body is ready
Let's Go Cubs! Put some runs on the board.
I have my lucky Cubs hat on and downed an Old Style.

Won't be able to follow...
We are score.
i'm gonna puke 
Fowler jersey ready to go, lets get it
I'm actually more relaxed than normal. I think I've already made peace with t...
Yeah, 3-4 innings cuz we gonna knock him out. 

Also did he just say our batt...
Have there been *any* in-game interviews with Cubs players? Maybe I'm forgett...
Arrieta in game 2 for sure.
Those "Raise the flag" t-shirts are sick. I need a Cubs one
I believe in us!!!! 
The hype is ripe - let's do this!
Let's do this!

#DO SIMPLE BETTER
YES! THEY BROUGHT HIM BACK!
This dude is amazing
Lets Go Cubbies! So [ready](https://media.giphy.com/media/lXLFae9KRwi7S/giphy...
https://youtu.be/K25T1rfNhW0

I want Len and JD so bad, I don't know how I'm ...
Frank Thomas dwarfs everyone else on set.
Cannot believe Scioscia is still with the Angels after all these years.
Who else is at Rocks in Lakeview getting 1/2 off burgers right now?
Wearing my Blue KB jersey with the Nike 3600 Maddison Street 3600 N on. We go...
#Nice Mustache!
You suck, Joe Buck
I watched the last two debates, I think I can safely say my civic duty is don...
Oh god, how did you survive? You couldn't pay me to listen to those blowhards...
I gave in and drank a couple beers.
Same
Joe buck needs some chapstick
Joe Buck appeared on screen and I immediately wretched. Let's wreck shit toni...
why are so many people counting us out already
Idk but like Frank said on the pregame show, IT'S A SEVEN GAME SERIES. We win...
nice la ads
lets slaughter this rookie 
We got this... Go Cubs Go 
Julio Urias, consumer of kale, artisanal coffee, and vinyl records.
LETS RUIN THIS KID THEY HAVE ON THE MOUND. DEX GO YARD IN FIRST AB. LETS FUCK...
I'm already sweating. 
Sigh 
alright alright alright
Quick 1-2-3 inning? That doesn't sound right.... /s
Rizzo. What happened?
This team has gone into take until you get a strike.  They were so good all y...
Not an auspicious start. 
lets come out swinging if we are gonna go out might aswell go out swinging
Rizzo had an OK at bat. 
Wouldn't be surprised if Urias gets pulled by the 4th or 5th and have the bul...
Sounds like something they'd do. 
and a questionable ball 1 to start john's night

weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Go Cubs Go!

We got this!
Hey Joe, how old is Lackey?
20
4 days from 38. He actually did say it. Wow. 
Review it! 
HITTING THE GROUND FIRST DOES NOT MATTER 
Of course the announcers say nothing about the bounce.
So that's what a baserunner looks like.
Honestly curious here, is it still HBP if the ball hit the ground first? I wo...
Yes it is an HBP
This fucking strike zone
FUCK YOU ANGEL HERNANDEZ
BOI WTF ANGEL
WTF BAEZ AGHHHHHH SLOW IT DOWN
Javy....
Damn it that should not have happened. 
Lackey, tell him.
Wheres the slide rule??
No fucking breaks.
Seager put his arm up to hit Baez's leg... pretty much interference by defini...
Lackey is mad and so am i
baez has been so on fire he's like the human torch this postseaston i'm not t...
Lackey appears upset.
Please don't give up a hit here...
Lackey was so happy about that last play and error!
I wouldn't even be surprised if Lackey charges the Ump.
WHAT A FUCKING PLAY
Wow, what a throw and tag! 
Wow what a play!
Momentum!!! Fuck yes
Bah God! That was incredible
YEAH GTFO
WHAT A THROW
He tickled the glove
that should light a fuckin spark
*PERFECT* throw & tag, thank you Willie and Addi!
Hey Texas lady! How ya doin?
Good but anxious about this thing I have no control over. Want to see our bat...
I know that feel ma'am.
Is that David Ross in disguise!?
That's why you play Wilson contreras 
there we fucking go

now let's get the bats woke
Russell channeling the JavyTag.
AddiTag
Yep, I just saw a lightning tag and assumed it was Javy... and then tried to ...
ATTA BOY CONTRERAS
LET'S FUCKING GO
LETS BRING SOME F'ING RUNS BOYS!
BOOM.
#WillyisFree
Light em up now. Let's fucking go! 
Hopefully that's a confidence boost for the team. Desperately need it. Not mu...
I honestly don't think a more perfect throw exists in that situation.  Holy m...
The first thing to make me happy in 19 innings of baseball
Maybe that will help out Addi at the plate. 1 base hit please. From anyone. F...
That play by itself might not mean much, who knows, but it sure is a great wa...
I don't think I've wanted to win a series this bad in my life. The dodgers fa...
i really like willson contreras. 
Cubs need some fire.  I'm glad Lackey is out there.
"The northwestern part of Mexico is Julio Urias"

wut
Didn't see that one coming
YES THEY NEED TO SWING
more soft contact...
I want them to swing first pitch.
Why... why does Zobrist keep watching fastballs down the middle, and then swi...
GETTING FUCKING SQUEEZED AND SHIT ON BY THE HOME PLATE UMP. MAKES US HAVE TO ...
Did Baez just convince the ump to call that a ball?
That graphic about the offense, Deja Vu, fuck off Fox
DEJA VU? ye go fuck yourself fs1
Wow fuck these graphics holy shit
Now we have to listen to Buck talk about this fucking pick off move...
We're gunning guys down on the basepaths and Javy is taking walks. These are ...
that pick off move
Is a balk
Help! The online stream for 670 isn't airing the game. How do I do this on my...
Tune-In Radio Premium trial
mlb at bat.
Please no pick off no pick off no pick off
Larry King's ugly mug is going to be staring at us all night.
dont talk shit about larry king
Balk 
Balk
I'll never understand the people who grow out those 8 chin hairs they have. S...
BALK BALK BALK
That's a fÃ»cking balk
Ya know Gonzales just wanted an excuse to smack Baez ass.
I don't blame him
Holy shit that is such a balk 
**EVERYBODY IS SAFE**
IS IT HAPPENING??
WE GOT SOMETHING COOKING for the mighty Jason Heyward
What makes Urias' pickoff throws balks? Is it him stepping towards home on th...
Basically yeah
MAKE THEM PAY!
Huge, huge break. NOW CASH IT IN
good first swing.... small victories
Cubs needs to jump on this opportunity
J HEY PLZ
A walk and an error...ha go figure.
Hey we got runners on so. 
Progress
We really need to find a way to score this inning.
Jason please 
I would *love* to be wrong... but I must admit that I was excited about havin...
Really need a hit from Heyward here. 
Urias pitches at the same pace as Pedro Baez does with runners on. 
That's impossible...right?
Mark Buehrle in an alternate universe 
He was such an awesome dude.
Much better ABs all around this inning
So far this is a good AB from heyward
Battling. Cmon JHey!
Willson needs to keep his on eye on Urias...making me nervous.
nice beard urias
that was a meat pitch
Can't even be upset about that AB.
Damn it Jason.
SO glad we have Heyward in there to continue to do absolutely nothing.
Well, jeyhey didn't hit into a DP so that's good.
Is it possible for strikeouts to be worth 184 mil?
$184 million 
At least we're getting some decently long at bats...
Looks like LOBster is on the menu tonight 
Good contact at least. damn.
Loud out tho
Cubs sure like making these pitchers feel confident.
Damn good wood just not quite there. 
*sigh* at least we had something going for a change
Oh fucking come on - great swing and just can't catch a break
at least he drove it

but FUCK
Sigh, finally gets decent wood on the ball but hit it to damn high
Damn it. At least he drove the ball somewhere.
All outfield fences should be 10 feet closer to the plate.
That "just off the plate" ball to Russell actually wasn't close at all.
I thought it was closer than it was too
OTHER FUCKING BATTERS BOX
why you gotta go for the home run russell..
UGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHH! That didn't looked too bad coming off the bat
Got under it
...did anyone remember to make a sacrifice to the BABIP gods?
Torture 
All right, I've got chicken breast, olive oil, onions, potatoes, carrots, and...
Winner, winner, chicken dinner. Also some parsley. 
* Preheat oven to 400Â°.
* Line baking pan with olive oil.
* Season chicken br...
A chicken, onion, potatoe, and carrot casserole. 
plain hash browns 
Throw spices and olive oil on the chicken and potatoes and bake that shit. Si...
Dice the carrots and potatoes and put them in the oven at 400F. Add chicken a...
That was close. We get KB next inning to show us how that's done 
A lotta balls in play is progress, already made an error. Decent start 
[What I want to do with Urias.](https://youtu.be/svF5Y_Riejc?t=11s)
Let's go! We got this!
wanna redeem yourself Addi? Now'd be a good time. 
Now it's time for us to ride our horse to victory
Sorry, but when hey at least we made good contact that inning is a positive, ...
Whatever happened to Heyward from Last year? How the heck did his bat speed g...
Yea, he had a low 90s fastball over the center of the plate and barely fouled...
i think he hurt his wrist and didn't let it heal and it just destroyed his me...
Awful cocky to have Triple H's music as your own Reddick. 
What's a first pitch, lead off hit?
Does anyone have our BABIP stats for this series? I don't feel like we've bee...
it was in the low .180s after last night iirc
That's legitimately mind-boggling. Literally blows my mind.
Feels like it's around .005
Of course it's just past the shift god dammit
Wtf are they trying to blind people holy shit
Is Adrian Gonzalez a definite HOFer, a maybe someday, or no way? 

He seems h...
No. 5 AS games, 1 top-5 MVP finish, not real sexy numbers or accolades. He dr...
maaaybe Hall of Very Good but I don't think HOF
No way
Maybe someday imo
Nope
Joc nearly pulled a Bartolo Colon there. 
Your helmet is supposed to stay on your head Joc.
Yep. there it is. Let's get it.
Waddup positive vibes comrade!
What a beautiful pitch
Gonzalez is a slow motherfucker
Dman gonzales is slow
Fuck, he's safe
Heyward, why are you taking your time on the throw?
fuck.... he looks safe
Hand was hovering over the plate when tag was made. Hand not down... OUT
Kms if that's safe
Hell of a lay out side wow
Too close to overturn 
Fuck that ball beat him by 4 steps and we still couldn't get the tag on him. ...
Sums up the series for us. Even when we have a good moment it's just not enou...
I feel like that's too close to overturn
A better throw would have had Gonzalez there. He doesn't exactly run well.
Of course he will be fucking safe. Fuck you Gonzalez!

Edit: Oh shit! We caug...
Tag him in arm, the hand, anywhere else, Willson...
Wait did they just announce him safe before the umpires got the decision?
It's pretty clear
You're delusional if you think that's safe.
C'mon man
It wasn't even close based on the shot they had on TV
called him out
He's out. There's no way! 
What a fucking terrible throw wtf Heyward 
Outcome irrespective, Willy has to go to the plate. Not the face.
Fingers are up
Does it not look like like he got the arm? 
It looks like he's safe, but at the same time you don't know if the glove hit...
Way too close to call.
there was a gap under between his fingers and the plate
wow we got a break
YEAH BOYYYYYYYY
OUT!!!!!!!!!!
We probably got away with one. Let's do something for it.
He got his arm
THANK YOU FUCKING GOD> NOW SCORE SOME FUCKING RUNS 
Why would Contreras not apply the tag at the plate. You can't score off the p...
Wow, we got a gift there.
LETS GO BOYS WE NEEDED A BREAK AND WE GOT ONE
Wow, we got a freebie out
Wow was not expecting that 
Thank god
I'll take it
We need a break. 
that is a MASSIVE break
Joe Buck can kiss my ass.
THANKS FOR TAKING YOUR SWEET ASS TIME HEYWARD. FUCK
Phew!
Holy shit something went our way
YES I KNOW ITS IMMORAL BUT YES 
... wut
Wow he looked safe.
Thank god
The heel of the mitt could have scrapped his forearm? 
I call that the hover hand 
#I PREDICTED BEFORE THE GAME KB SECOND AT BAT HOME RUN LETS FUCKING GO
We knocked on the door last inning...This inning we knock it down. Time to ge...
Not indisputable. I like the angle of the dugout on that call. Gave me a good...
WOW

Not sure I agree but who gives a shit, Go Cubs Go!
Shut your ass up Gonzales. Hustle a little harder next time 
that was bullshit
Okay Giants bros..... I am starting to understand this despair towards this o...
What a gimme call
Nice! Gonzalez hovered the fingers over the front of the plate and got the ba...
We have to score now we got lucky af!
I'd love to hear what bull shit Joe Buck would say if the roles were reversed.
Well that was a loud **"FUCK!"** that went into everyones living rooms.
I don't know why they thought that was a good idea
Wow, I'll take it, and it's the way it ought to have happened since he was de...
...seriously?    
Hot fucking damn. 
Did we actually have something go our way?!
On a side note why the hell did they send him home on that play
Urias up next
http://i.imgur.com/pezgM.gif
Jesus christ can we just get a single? A walk? Anything?
can we not lit a low line drive that can't be caught tyvm
Of course. Magnet ball and glove 
God damn nothing will drop.
bats are connecting just cant get good distance! 
WHY DO THEY CATCH EVERYTHING
How many guys they got in the outfield?
Angels
7
Worried that karma will keep us from scoring for the next 15 innings. 
not our fault the replay guys in NYC decided not to overturn
Maybe it is reverse karma in the form of the last two games
Then I guess we will just have to win in the 18th inning! 
Come on...hit it where they're not, dammit! 
it feels like they have 18 fielders right now, and we need 6 outs. We can tur...
Kid is making a ton of a mistakes over the plate, but nothing drops when we m...
My advice is to hit the ball harder
KB is gonna grab the lead here if my calculations are correct
Math works out
Genuinely curious if the Cubs forgot how to hit a curveball...
Get off your fucking phone Larry

E: Probably talking about Omega-3 supplemen...
I can't handle another game of good hit balls going right to a fielder, babip...
I'd like to see the cubs even come close to scoring. This raw dog stuff isn't...
GREAT AB KB
Cant watch. What happened?
Walked away to take care of my pup but I think KB worked the pitch and walked.
God bless Kris Bryant
Rizzo homer
Time for a Rizz Bomb! Right guys?
Anthony, all will be forgiven. Please 
Alright Rizzo. Please don't make my displeasure with you grow
#BB
COME ON RIZZO HIT AN 800 FOOT HOME RUN
Come on Rizzoli
Who do you guys think Larry King is talking to right now?
hello salt lake youre on the air
Jesus it's like there are holes in the bats
Nice AB KB!s
Man Rizzo late on a fastball down the middle.

Ugh.
KB wants nothing to do with that pick off. 
Get it done then
Rizzo is whooshing so much more than I've ever seen him whoosh 
Rizz Man please twat them. 

Boi
#WHY
Yeesh
Fuck
RizzOhNo
ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡
The funk goes on... Lackey needs to continue to lock it down... avoided a big...
Cubs couldn't buy a run is right, Pat.
Rizzo being this cold is breaking my heart.
We are making all their pitchers look like Kershaw. 
Dodgers fans are the worst? I dont know. They look like it. 
It looked like he was swinging a steel pipe or something there. Ugly swing. S...
Something is seriously wrong here 
I don't even get it, it's not about approach or anything we just aren't hitti...
If everyone is going to let that first pitch strike fly right by them, why no...
Rizzo is guessing. Absolutely horrible for a potential MVP candidate. 
Did Rizzo's talent get stolen by a bunch of evil aliens?
Scoreless innings = 21
I wish any of our hitters would make the kind of contact Urias just made
We have NOT had good ABs Jon.
Rizzo, please, please, for the love God, wake up.
Legit question - has there been a cold streak this bad by ANY overall team fo...
This has to be the worst offensive performance by a team with that much run d...
Always good to be compared to the Padres in clutch situations
Obviously. 

The Padres started the season by scoring their first run in thei...
Too close
Jon throwing subtle shade at the announcers
Let's refrain from pitching fastballs right down the middle
Phooeee, that was close.
That was close. 
Holy shit the heart attack
Shew, that looked like trouble.
Yeeesh that will make your butthole clamp shut. I could extrude steel at that...
way too close
That was scary.
Let's not do that again.  Too freaking close.  
You could see the relief on Heyward's face there. 
0.O

That was a close one.
Well guys, there's only one thing left to do. Win the whole fucking thing. We...
#EZ

Now let's hit
1 2...FUCKING 3 INNING LETS GOOOOOOOO!!!!
Please let this be a normal Cubs win. 

With the Rizz? NO WAY! 
Omg the Dodgers actually hit a ball directly at one of our guys. Crazy.
#IT ENDS AT 21! THEY ARE ALL PURGED IN 22! LET'S GO!
Is it safe to breath again? 
You can take a breath, yes. And you can continue to breathe.
I might as well just add this to my clipboard for pasting every inning:  
Ple...
Zobrist, please get a clutch triple
Let's just get a hit.
shoot for the moon bruh
y'all're talkin' bout relief here how about straight up celebration that was ...
I think Joe Buck is actively trolling the "drink every time they mention Kers...
ALRIGHT DODGERS THE PANTS ARE COMING OFF
Oh God, somebody hold me.  That was way too close
Lackey has caught some major luck so far. We can't rely on it to continue.

W...
It seems like we're getting deeper into counts and having better at bats. Thi...
Man both Hendricks and Lackey are pitching their asses off, please, please of...
HOT DAMN BABY ZO
Whoa what a bunt
There we go Zobrist! Beautiful
A HIT!!!!!
Ben! Great bunt!
LETS GOOOOOOOO
#H
Well take it
AND THAT'S A GODDAMN HIT
I like it. 
Fuck yeah Benny Boy! 
Fuck yeah Zo!!!
There you go Ben
Wooo a hit!
Beautiful bunt. 
OMG we got on base?!  With a bunt no less haha.
What a sweet bunt
LEAD MAN ON!! LEAD MAN ON!!
Perfect bunt!
I ordered a bud light so the Budweiser rep would give me a W flag. She just l...
No longer a no hitter!
I love that. That could energize us the way we need. Absolutely love it. 
LETS BUNT THREE MORE TIMES
A leadoff hit!  How I've missed you
BUNT FOR THE WINS
Bunt single from the cleanup hitter. Leadoff bunt single. I'll take it. 
WOO A HIT
And we're smaaaaallllll. Small ballin'^now we're^small ballin'
are you even a Cubs fan if you're not hot for baez
WHATEVER IT TAKES. KEEP BUNTING!!!
Breaking up a no-hitter with a bunt! 

The Dodgers are unwritten-rules bound ...
Can't squander a leadoff runner.
Yeah? Well watch this!
Dad: "I hope Larry makes it through the game, jesus he looks like shit...Did ...
Baez is the perfect blend of Pete Wheeler and Pablo Sanchez
ANOTHER HIT!!!!!! WHAT IS THIS MAGIC!?!?
A big inning here and Urias won't make it through 5
Don't. Blow. This.
WE HAVE LIFE
ACTION BABYYYY
Looks like the Cubbies finally made it to LA.

edit: Fuckin' A right they did!
BASE HIT ALERT ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰
IT FELL! IT DROPPED DOWN! IT FUCKING DROPPED DOWN INSTEAD OF FLAILING INTO A ...
A BASE HIT!! A BASE HIT!!
oh god please dont bunt with heyward/russell coming up
#FREE WILLY
Nobody out. We got it. 
Contreras is gonna get an RBIeras
You know I liked Joe Buck up until game 3
I like him when his mouth is shut. 
How did you last that long 
HITS AND STUFF!
man we are really aggressive tonight 
finally
Gotta try something
#LETS GO!!!! KEEP HITTING THE BALL!
Uh Oh. 86 booze!
Runs
WE DON'T QUIT!
FUCK YESSSS
Holy shit that throw was AWFUL.
A RUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#WE SCORED A RUN WHAT THE FUCK 
WILLSON!!!
OMG WHAT A BAD SEND, BUT THE BAD THROW CANCELS IT OUT HOLY SHIT 

#LETS GO
#WE HAVE A LEAD
#LET'S GET FOUR MORE
#WILLYISFREE!
#R
WE SCORED A RUN YOU GUYS!! WE DID IT!!!
HEY LOS ANGELES WHAD'DYA SAY
#HI OFFENSE!
THE DROUGHT IS OVER 
Wow what an awful throw! Brilliant!
HAHAHA WHAT A SHIT THROW TO HOME
ITS LIKE A HUGE WEIGHT HAS BEEN LIFTED.... LETS GO BOYS WHOOOOOOOO
We have a run!
THERE IT IS BABY OH MY LORDY LORD
Cubs did a thing!
WILLLLLLSOOOOOOOON
Contreras comes through
OMG A RUN!!!!
Now we're fucking cookin'
About time.
WE ARE ALIVE BOYS AND GIRLS
YES!!!! WILLY!!!!! 
Alright baby we got ourselves a run!
GOODBYE SCORING DROUGHT.
Bad send saved by a bad throw. But we got a run!
WILSON!!! 
Fucking willy clutch.
FUCK YEAH!! 

^I ^need ^to ^turn ^off ^my ^score ^alerts ^while ^on ^this ^st...
FUCK YES! THE SCORELESS STREAK IS OVER! LET THE FLOODGATES OPEN MOTHERFUCKERS...
[ITS ALLLLLIIIIIVVVVVVEEEEEE!!!!!!](http://imgur.com/dHeWDhV)
http://imgur.com/yKzGDBc
YES
That was a great throw. Please more.
A;SLKDFJ;ALKSDJF;ALKSDJF;ALSDJF;ALSKJDF;ALJDA;LKSDFJ;LK

I CAN~~'T~~ BELIEVE IT
YES! YES! YES!
Fucking finally!!!!
[Thank you Willy...](http://s2.quickmeme.com/img/7f/7f77546945f948560cdc26b12...
Aggressive base running, I love it. Squeeze play right here?
Holy balls we scored a run! This is what that feels like!

Quoting the video ...
Is this sub finally ready to enjoy this serious?! Let's plate two more!!!
Jesus nice throw Toles.. Go back to working at the grocery store you bum
Baez Contreras is a good combo
IM ABOUT TO DO MY LONGEST YEAH BOI EVER
Oh baby suck his dick Buck. You love Willson now
That throw was poo poo. Challenge him every chance we get
Squeeze play? Or maybe fake the squeeze?
I WANT SOME CARDINALS SERIES THROWBACK. 

BACK TO BACK SQUEEZES. 
Willson needs to play every game. When Ross is catching for Lester, then find...
Works for me. 
Slump busted. Here we go.
Alright guys, now we're tied in the court of public opinion
BABIP gods are in "giveth" mode: 43, 68, 71 are the exit velos on the three C...
If we win by 1 r/baseball is gonna have a collective aneurysm
Toles is no Heyward.
Willson having a huge impact so far today.
Heyward or Adi is gonna come up big. It's happening guys. It's happening.
#FUCK THE SHUTOUT
WILLY!!!!!! YES!! I LOVE YOU. LETS KEEP FUCKING GOING!!! 4TH INNING RALLY TIM...
Glad it didn't happen, but color me surprised that Baez didn't go home there
Melt down Urias it's getting hot
#BACK TO BACK SQUEEZES PLEASE
[After 21 innings...](https://youtu.be/TK_7GUKY3ic?t=84)
When we get back to Chicago we should be blessed by none other than our Lord ...
I would love the squeeze here 
Oh my god.. WE ARE WINNING

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
2 on, a run, and no outs. Someone please come up big yard. 
OFFENSE
good eye Jason!
Fuck the fox sports go app and fuck these similar colors. I pull it back up a...
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
Just fucking bunt, choke up and slap at it, fuck!
good fucking god heyward
I'll take it
Good work JHey
See guys, the patented Heyward is sometimes good for something. kinda.
I'LL TAKE IT BABY!!!!
Yay Heyward with the RBI 4-3!!!!
#A HEYWARD 4-3 WORKS OUT 
Great job Heyward!
HEY HEY HEY HEY HEY
#HEY HEY HEY DID A THING
J HEY HEY! 
CUBS OFFENCE!! 
That'll do J-hey
Fuck yes.
#YES YES YES
good enough jason
Hooray for Heywarding to second when it was good to do!
OFFENSE OFFENSE OFFENSE 
Works for me Baeward. 
okay honestly this enthusiasm for an out that scores a run is actually really...
The signature JHey groundout worked. All planned
Exactly what you expect of Heyward in that scenario.

[FANTASTIC](/#WeAreGood)
Russell is so past due for a Ribbie - deep left works here
Itshappening.jpg
Daddi please give us a hit
Oh yeah! *MalÃ¶rt so smooth*
I'll have another!
A useful Heyward (tm)
JOBU HAS COME.  HE TAKE FEAR.  BATS ARE AWAKE.
Please let this be where we come back around
Ive never been so happy for a Heyward groundout to 2nd
ADDISON RUSSELL!!!!!!
You guys remember when Heyward was at the top of the order? I miss those time...
GET THE FUCK IN ADDI!!!!!!
F yes
FUCKING A RIGHT ADDY BABY WE TAKE IT ALL BACK
ADDI!
OMG I am unbelievably happy right now, like I just came, holy fucking shit!
#MOTHERFUCKER YAAAAAAAAAS
#FUCK YEAH RUSSELL
fuck yes! addi addi addi addi
#RUSSSSELLLLMAAAANIIIIIAAAAAA!!
FUCK YEAHHH< YOU FUCK WE ALL FUCKIN 
OH THANK GOD
The boys are back in town!!!!!!!!!!

#ADDI!!
**THERE WE GO ADDI**
brb crying
We're doing the thing!!
HERE ARE THE 2016 CUBS AGAIN! :D
Yessss Addison Muscle!!! VROOM VROOM BITCHES!!!!
Addison Muscle? I have a call for a Mr Muscle?
This looks like the start of something good. Keep it rolling, boys!
DAMMNNNNNN. FINNALLY ADDI 
OMFG BASED ADDI!
ADDISSON FUCK YES
SEND THIS KID HOME CRYING
Ding fucking DONG!
I HAVE THIN WALLS REALLY SORRY TO MY NEIGHBORS FOR PUNCHING THE FLOOR
[FUCK YES!!!!!](/#WeAreGood)
Addi muscle!!!!!
[THIS KID FUCKS](/#WeAreGood)
Thattababy, Heyward. You did good.
That's fucking how you do it!
They're back!
Well there's a giant weight off their shoulders 
I JUST STARTED CLAPPING SO FUCKING HARD LETS GO ADDI
Went from a drought to a bat monsoon!
21 innings of blue balls 
Addi got a hit, I am declaring this officially the end of all the Cubs problems.
at a bar which is normally pretty quite but it just erupted 
:') I love my cu...
IVE NEVER SAID ANYTHING BAD ABOUT THIS OFFENSE I LOVE THEM
>i would really rather have soler. heyward wont do jackshit vs a lefty lol


...
thank god for andrew toles tho. K and slow roller still jackshit but ill take...
Yeah that was a god awful throw!
Addi is pumped!
Belive bitches!!!!
#WE'RE BACK BABY!!!
HIT THE ROAD JACK
I would have made him squeeze, and that is why I'm at home on the couch 
Oh God Its A Miracle. Oh Lordy. Fuck yeah Addi
I may have shed a tear. 

I'm blaming the medication. 
Joc almost Bump Baileyed himself there.
WERE FUCKING BACK BABY
Alright Rizzo. Your turn next at bat. 
Addy!!!!!


Are we back? ARE WE FUCKING BACK? 
I owe Addi a hand written apology.
That dude just about make me flip my booth...
Diggin into the pen early i like it
Urias gone. Time to burn up their pen. Let's add some fucking insurance.
YESSSSSS. LET'S FUCKING GO
We punished that kid in the end. 
That's what we need guys. Fuck those tease on base posts, THAT is signs of li...
I feel like these "great plays" by Seager are only great because of his lack ...
Time for a nap, here's Pedro Baez
And that's why we believe! What a way to break a slump.
Addy fuckin Daddy
addi_fuck_yeah.gif
This has been the Cubs innings that I've grown accustomed to. Manufactured ru...
I tuned into the debate after the 3rd inning. 1st inning I didn't watch all o...
I did the very same thing lol.
You are condemned to watching debate reruns for the rest of the NLCS.
Is suicide an option? 
Look, you gotta take this for the team. 
Okay okay. All I want is to be part of this team's legacy. 
Bigly. Get watching.
You know what you have to do.
For the gipper! 
Keep watching the debate!!
Not sure what I did to deserve this but whatever it takes! Go Cubs!
You best not come back then
Go back to the debate, youre doing gods work friend
I am a martyr 
keep watching it man, keep watching it
Keep watching that shit show, it's helping!
Hopefully this loosens everyone up and gets our offense going
Pedro Baez coming in, prepare for cold sleep.
#EATSHITJOEBUCK
Is it safe to visit the GDT now?
Welcome
I love GDTs during the regular season, but it seems this place has just been ...
That whole time fuc...I mean buck was saying Urius hasn't allowed a HR at hom...
This commercial over Lackey in the dugout almost made me spit out my beer. 
you're my boy blue!!
God damn man I am so relieved for Addi and JHey. 
C Ya Urias
So happy for Addy. He just missed one his first at bat, he knew what to look ...
I'm sure that was a huge weight of Addi's shoulders. Would seriously love to ...
I lifted before the game tonight, and the rally started as I made myself a ma...
Mmm... maple old fashioned?  That sounds delish.
With my homemade pancake syrup bitters, no less. First time with this mix of ...
THAT ADDI HOMERUN WAS FUCKING HUGE FOR THE WHOLE TEAM I CAN FEEL. IT WE MAY H...
Sucks that we're in a rain delay now
i feel so beautiful right now and i don't know why

let's fuckin go cubbies
I feel like this will give Rizzo confidence. Now that doesn't really make sen...
maybe he won't feel the weight of the world on his shoulders tonight and he c...
Doesn't have to press
Thy heart was empty and barren....but now thy heart filleth to the brim with ...
We scored one fifth of Urias's age.
Nothing makes me happier than hearing the Cubs fan out cheer Dodgers fans in ...
Human rain delay
RIP.
Where are Urias' eyelids?  
I cannot believe I have to say this but I fucking hate Baez

...the Pedro one
I'm not going to calm down until we are up by 10 runs. 
Does urias have a fake eye?
CONSIDER MY JIMMIES RUSTLED
It would be so sweet if the top of the order could string something together ...
Now THIS is the fucking Cubbies!
i like this fight eat up those pitches baby
Urias wasn't on, I don't know what Smoltz is thinking.   He struggled through...
Russell smiling in the dugout vs. the face he was making when he was taken ou...
#THERE IS NO QUIT
We're looking like our old selves, long at bats!!!
Are extra runs still considered "insurance" if you're up by 4 and it's only t...
Of course! It's just like my insurance salesman says, you can never have too ...
Only comfortable with a million run lead.
working the pitch count already keep fighting dex 
Fowler just needs to hit fair. He has the dingers ready for tonight. 
Great AB, Dex.
Good lord, get the camera off Urias. My eyes!
I believe he had a tumor as a child
You're not going to guilt me into feeling bad.
I LIKE HITS!
OH MY GOD IT DROPPED
BEAUTIFUL 
Dextah!!!
Bryant Bomb incomming
There you fucking go Dex!!
Alright Fowler!
and he gets on base! 
WE FOUND THE BATS
Come on Kris!
Someone turned on the cubs offense
Let's go KB! keep it going! 
If we have to win with errors then by god lets do it!
HOW MUCH MORE CAN THEY TALK ABOUT URIAS?!????! GREAT FUCKING AB DEXY. 
Urias is gonna be a hell of a player, but he's an odd lookin' dude
Damn, I was literally Googling "Julio Urias eye" when he brought that up
YES DEX
Can we stop it with the Urias dick sucking for crying the fuck out loud. 
~~Maybe you should stop being a dick? Nothing wrong with respecting players.~...
They've spent more time talking about how amazing Urias is after giving up fo...
Ohh, my bad man, thought you were saying us commentors on here were showing h...
Haha, no. I wouldn't call anyone here out on that, or at least not in that fa...
<3
Apparently 4 runs in one inning makes you a good pitcher?
Damn Toles almost made a hell of a catch there

that kid is gonna be good for...
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS
The BABIP... It's shifting, I can feel it!
Toles for Hackey Sack Champion 2016!
Every hit is so great to see.
We still need one more run for my prophecy to come true. 
Toles trying his best to impersonate Fowler
Damn. Lets get a 1-2-3 inning here.
babip them to death
Hell of an inning. Let's D up and keep it going! 
Great inning, boys! Let's keep it going. 
Damn, would have been a nice opportunity for Kris to get an RBI to add to the...
That inning was the 8th wonder of the world
alright Lackey  1-2-3
What a fantastic inning. 

I feel the winds a changing...

LETS GO CUBS
Glad we turned it around. If we hold on and win just like that were back to h...
Exactly. All we need is 1 win in LA to make sure we go back to Wrigley. 
3 up, 3 down John. You can do it.
[Look at me...](https://imgur.com/gallery/LyaVt)
This 2016 team is making my next jersey purchase really difficult. Russell is...
I mean, you already have a dozen Cogs jerseys, right?  
I actually own an authentic one. I got it at the Cubs convention for like 15 ...
Ah, amazing!  
Frame it when he's named WS MVP.
I will for sure! I know you're relatively new. Do you know what the Cubs conv...
I've been a Cubs fan for 10 years! Actually, as far as Cubs longevity goes th...
Ok I thought you were the UK guy that picked us to follow haha my bad. Hotel ...
I am *a* UK guy but not that one.  
That's cool though. Always looks a good t...
It's really fun they changed hotels so it's not as good. The old hotel was sm...
every time my boyfriend orders us both drinks, I end up pouring mine into his...
I can't help but feel it is *absolutely vital* that John just shuts them down...
More bunts like that would help

Toss him
sit down gingy.. don't get too angry
Toss him, Angel! Toss them all!
He be pissed..
Keep arguing bitches..it only helps us and turns the umps against the Dodgers.
Of the eight Cubs batters in the fourth, Lackey hit the ball the hardest (103...
50/50 call, good pitch
Yowza, I thought that was a ball. Definitely not as hot about it as Turner is...
Friendly reminder that it doesn't matter where the ball lands it's where it c...
Catcher's interference again?!?
TORMUND can't believe the call!  Get outta here troll fucker! 
how did i not notice that it's actually a spittin gimage
That's 2 CI for Willson in a week or so, right?
Willsonnnnnn
Isn't that the second time this series for interference on Contreras? 
I thought the first was against SF.
Well either way, not good. 
Yep
I think so
There will be no dicks out for the monkey/gorilla hybrid that was removed fro...
willson need ta back tf up
Stfu Turner, pitches 3 and 4 in the first were strikes but called balls. http...
Again Wilson?
I went to eat dinner and the Cubs scored four runs. I guess I'm getting fat t...
Dammit wilson
I hate Joc... Something about him I've just not liked. 
Cause he looks like he's 12?
Maybe.... kinda has PunchFace
If they get something from this inning it would be crushing.  
C'mon, John. D...
Turner looks just like Rocky Dennis when he's mad.
Fuck,  I step out for my one mid game smoke and I miss some theatrics. 
I THOUGHT that inning was going too smoothly for us. 
Cmon Lackey. Get this guy out. 
Props to Lackey though, he's pitching one hell of a game compared to the one ...
Exact reason why we signed him

Well that plus so Lester could have grumpy pitching buddy 
Willson does that way too much
Nice back door curve there. Now shit him down. 
> back door .... shit

=-O
So like, how does shitting him down work?
> shit him down

Foreign substance. He'd have to leave the game.
oh... that's... that's pretty aggressive

i don't know what to think
One more strike. One more strike. 
Boom inning over.
Swinging at shit in the dirt 
Exactly what we needed John. Thank you.
Fucking wilson!

https://youtu.be/wO_MYX_Oto0 
Lackey pitching like a fucking warrior tonight.
Lackey just clubbed tonight's dinner and it's time to EAT! 
Ayyyyyyy Lackey
So proud, it feels good to not have to think the worst so as to not have my h...
[deleted]
I wish Rizzo was involved in that last inning. Maybe that excitement would ha...
Time for the killer Z's to do some damage!
Lackey showing that clutch gene this game.
Fucking Wilson! 

https://youtu.be/wO_MYX_Oto0
I'm getting to that point in the night where I am so drunk, and satisfied wit...
Man I couldn't be more happy for Addy. He looked like a huge weight was just ...
Lackey was the crazy guy on prison break right? 
I Usually like Gonzalez but his face has pissed me off this series lol 
"No balk"

Yes there were, they just aren't called. 
FUCKING HELL ANOTHER.  DAMMIT
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH...
RIZZO YOU MOTHER FUCKER
Sooooooooooooooo close
Oh Anthony. So close.
Damn, I wished that stayed fair!  It's okay Rizzo, you got this!!
Omg Len Kasper is the devil. His call just made it sound gone
Is that a bottle of vodka behind lackey? Lol
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoooooooo^oooooooo close 
God dammit my blue balls 
Aw man. It'd be so awesome to see Rizz get a hold of one.
Btw during the commercial I was just rewatching the A-Gone play...he was defi...
Damn, that's two balls Rizzo smoked in this series that he just pulled foul.
:( I want to give Rizzo a big hug. I love you Rizzo. We know you're good.
Look Baez is a fine pitcher but for fuck's sake can't he just pitch a little ...
RIZZOBOMB.COM
#YES!!!
RIZZOOOOOOO

WE'RE BAAAAACK
YES

YES

YES

#YES

#YES
:D
Just got home. Has this ump been as bad as it sounds for both sides?
Meh.  Couple close ones that he missed.  Hasn't been as bad as Joe Buck though.
Few things in baseball are...
Or football for that matter...
Yeah, but I think we've benefited slightly more than the Dodgers.
"1st homerun this post season"........ No shit
The Rizzo has awoken
:D I WANT TO GIVE RIZZO A BIG HUG!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU RIZZZOO!!!!!!!!!! WE ...
THERES MAGIC HAPPENING HERE NOW BOYS.
RIZZO RIZZO RIZZO! EVERYTHING IS BETTER NOW!
LET'S FUCKING GO RIZZO 

HOLY FUCKING YES BABY AHHHHHH
BREAKING THE FUCKING SLUMP
Slump Breaker 
AND THERE IT IS RIZZO
RIZZO IN DA HOUSE!!!
that ball was crushed into outerspace. great comeback.
Aw yiss
GOOD FUCKEN MORNING 
They're waking up 
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES 
RIZZO
Anthony Rizzo with a 2 HR at bat.
Wake up the bats indeed! Rizzo hits a 4-bag slump buster!
We start hitting and all is right with my world. 
Donger for the boyz
FUCK THE DODGERS!!!!
GET THEM BACK FOR YESTERDAY BOYS
GUESS WHO'S BACK

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVkUvmDQ3HY
HEY HEY
WEINER BUMPS!
Hey u suck
*hits home run*
-struggling Cubs 
THERE THEY ARE
Is Mark Grace around? Our boys have found some slump busters
PRAISE THE GOAT 
love dave martinez embracing tony
So about the law of averages
I love the sounds of silence. 
If they dont pull Baez this inning is never going to end
Good eye
well. at least both teams are getting bad calls equalyish?
BACK. THE BOYS ARE BACK. 
Holy shit I thought another was gone
IT'S RAINING RUNS!!! HALLELUJAH IT'S RAINING RUNS!!!
Hell of an effort. I'll give him that
wow that would have been a spectacular catch by reddick
Holy shit Reddick. Respect.
I can see it now on the 30-for-30. "It started with a bunt..."
Guess that's one way to not have Pedro throw a shit ton to first.  Just hit b...
Shit, I thought Reddick might have had that, and I would have only been able ...
[deleted]
Maeda tomorrow
Good attempt by cricket right there.
Reddick launched himself into a sea of Cubs fans. I love it. This game can't ...
ughhh fuck
Couldn't we have had just a little gust of wind?
This ain't Wrigley :/
I so thought that was a homerun. The tease was real.
FUCK YEA
Almost a duplicate at bat
Yeah, you better pull that fucker.  He's throwing meatballs.
wait no come back and express yourself where we can all join you! or...whatev...
I thought that was gone for a quick sec. 
HIT THE ROAD JACK
[deleted]
We should all never talk about this again
So my shift at work ended but I'm scared to go home because we're doing well ...
Lots of warning track balls today. Glad the Cubs got their runs early, I imag...
Stay at work.
you can never go home again
Come on, Baez.  Just need a hit, dude.
I'm happy with the results so far. Now let's see this Cubs team keep up the p...
Odds Kershaw pitches tomorrow?
Pretty low I'd say. If you assume he's a win, what difference is Game 5 vs Ga...
He's available out of the pen game 7. And they don't have to win 2 on the road. 
But assuming he's an autowin negates the fact they have to win 2 on the road....
I think it's pretty good odds. But Roberts said he wouldn't. 
Yeah, but it's easier to say that when you haven't played yet. 
If Dusty was manager? 100%. Dave Roberts is smarter then that though.
0% chance he starts. Maeda is going tomorrow, no matter who wins. Roberts con...
0.0
If the Cubs win tonight, I'd put it at 50/50
That would be so dumb of them- I hope he does 
I hope he does and throws out his back (in a non-lasting injury way).

I know...
No it wouldn't. I would throw him. 
He didn't throw that many pitches, but he would be a rest day short after alr...
Yeah but then even if they win its 2 in chicago without Kershaw or you put hi...
Kershaw out of the pen in game 7 if you throw him tomorrow. And it would only...
I think the Phelps face meme didn't get enough time in the limelight 
[It really was great](https://b.thumbs.redditmedia.com/mHa9i7GZiaYUK4clIlu2pr...
alternating between the debate and the game. my emotions are going topsy turv...
Bruh...you don't call it a point.
Let's go Lackey.  Turn the screws here.
Does anyone else feel like the announcers are very biased towards the dodgers...
Everyone here seems to feel that way. I honestly do not, but that's my opinio...
None taken
Pretty much your own. They have leaned towards the Dodgers the past 2 games, ...
Come on big John let's do this.
Oh man. Lack falling behind with the lead off man on. Cmon John.
Shut up Smoltz. Swap him out for A Rod
It's time for the hook, Maddon. Leadoff walk is all I needed to see. 
C'mon DP!
"Not Now John"

Ha ha ha...
Is that a grey patch on Ethier's beard or missing hair?
Looks like missing hair
Looks like missing hair.
Double play pls
It's gonna be ok fam.
Its cool, we're just setting up a badass triple-play
#THE FULL MONTY
thats a quick ass hook
Can someone get me a gif of Lackey saying "What the Hell is Happening?" when ...
He definitely said "are you fucking kidding me"
Think he said "You gotta be fucking kidding me"
True story: I've been in desperate need of a haircut this entire series. Have...
You'll have another rodeo soon cowboy



http://www.survivinggrady.com/wp-con...
With no outs it's hard to keep him in there.  I was hoping we would get more ...
Don't forget we were in a [similar situation](https://youtu.be/gW5Xm_0hyaU?t=...
shut the front door
Job well done, Lackey. He had a hell of a shift. 
Fuuuuck. Come on BP. Let's get out of this
"Here's a comfortable lead.... Blow it" -offense, probably
Gonna puke. 
what a beautiful fastball to Seager there holy shit
GET OUTTA THIS WITH NO RUNS AND I'LL SHOTGUN A BEER
Bryzzo post-dong hug gif.  It's a goodie.

https://imgur.com/a/ZHPhY

Stolen ...
it's alright. might not be a shutout, but we're alright boys
It makes me feel slightly better that even a homerun here doesn't tie it up! ...
YAS QUEEN
**miKe!!!!**
I NEED MORE MALORT
Nice job Monty. How bout a grounder now
Just two more...
Get a Lil dp
DP! *clap clap* DP! *clap clap*
DOUBLE PLAY BALL PLEASE BASEBALL GODS
Holy shit that was a huge K
Our first double play in the last 108 years would be so awesome right now
come on monty be our andrew miller c'mon
I feel like Larry King and Ruth Bader Ginsburg would make a great couple. 
Fucking kidding me.
FFFUUUUUUUCCCCCCKKKKKKKKK
I get instincts but you gotta be smarter than that. 
I mean you can't really stop reflexes...
Fucking stupid
what the hell just happened? tip off of two gloves?
No just Monty's. Russell was tracking it where it would've been but Monty sen...
Tipped off the first glove and Addi had already started going towards 2nd I t...
That was unfortunate 
FUCK
Fantastic play Rizz
Smart play Rizz.
What happened?

Bases loaded one out. Guy hits a double play ball but Montgomery tried to sna...
ugh, frustrating. Seems the game is going pretty well now though
you mother fucker
that was NOT luck. its your job as a pitcher to  know your defensive position...
It's hard to kill him for that.  If he gets that ball, he has an easy throw t...
Everyone relax. The Dodgers middle relief will give up more runs.
Jesus christ.  We can't hurt ourselves!
phew
eh
I can live with only 2. Let's pour some more runs onto them.
Ok. That could have gone better...but it could have gone a hell of a lot worse. 
I mean, we didn't expect to hold them to a shut out did we?
No, but it sure would have been nice 
Would have been nice to shut them out 2 in a row after they did it to the Cub...
Eh, I'm not worried about how we win or what kind of statement it makes. Only...
Nice job guys! Champs overcome innings like that

THANK GOD!
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Out of the inning with minimal damagfe. 

TIME FOR THE BATS TO HIT MORE DONGS...
#MakeJimothyShotgunBeersAgain 
Getting out of bases loaded with 0 outs with only 2 runs.... not the end of t...
Hey I'll take that 
Still up by three, and we're making good contact. The sky isn't falling yet. 
Honestly I'm happy with that outcome
Bases loaded, no outs, could have been so much worse. Let's just get the runs...
Don't think we should've kept a lefty in there though 
Outside of reaching for a ball he shouldn't have, Monty had a clutch inning.  
Hard to rag too hard on an instinctual play on the mound. I agree, he was com...
> Monty had a clutch inning.

very much so. tough part of the order too
Monty deflecting the double play ball stings, but could have been so much wor...
we got this guys we got this

some massive dongs would still make me feel bet...
Stripling makes me think of woodworking for some reason...
A 4.50 ERA is actually pretty representative of how Lackey pitched.
Let's add on now. 
So glad to see some life. Even in the first couple of innings some guys were ...
Wow Addi can turn the jets on 
Dodgers are playing like game 2-3 Cubs rn
Russell + Rizzo Total Bases (postseason before tonight): 3  
Tonight: 9
Monty :-)
MONTY!!!!
MONTYYYY
why the hell is chapman even standing up with his jacket off in the 6th
#PITCHERSWHORAKE
#FUCK THE DH
Monty burns the other pitcher.
Holy crap. Montgomery with the base hit. 
dont ever question maddon
FUCK THE DH
Cubs' pitchers hitting. This is always a good sign.
FUCK THE DH!
Fuck the DH 
Don't fuck with the Cubs
#FUCK THE DH
Here's Dexy's spot to break loose now!
PITCHERS WHO RAKE ARE THE BEST PITCHERS

\#FuckTheDH
Dexter the Molexter!!
I just spit out my drink when Montgomery got a hit.
What do we do with the DH? 
#BUY THEM DINNER

#FUCK EM

#AND NEVER CALL THEM BACK
FUCK EM ALL TO DEATH
DEXYYYYY
More old style for the old style god! 
#THERES THE OFFENSE WE'VE BEEN MISSING UNTIL TONIGHT
Fowler!! Get that run back!
YOU GO, WE GO!!
the butthole clench is maintained, however it is slowly transitioning from a ...
DEXY'S DRIVEN IN RUNNERS
Just keep racking up the H's. Fuck yeah. 
More runs plz. Come on KB.
YES FOWLER!
Hello offense, my old friend...
yisss
Dex! 
Pls based Bryant
YES
DEX ATTA BOY!!!! 
It's like game three was Peal Harbor and the Dodgers woke the sleeping Bear
So critical to take one RIGHT BACK like that.

unearned too. gotta punish mistakes and that's as clean as it gets.
**BRYANT THREE RUN DONG INCOMING!!!**
The Cubs are robots and someone forgot to flip the win switch and this game p...
Our offense needed this in just the worst way.
BRYANT DINGER, COME ON. BREAK THEM. Show us you woke up!
I will say that a three run dinger would be fine
...fuck the DH?
That box score, unf
ill take bases loaded with rizzo at the plate, come on now
So artistic.

that shot wow.

much hollywood. 
Load the bases up and put MIGGY in!!!
We have more runs to score
RIZZOLI RIZZOLI GIVE ME THE HOMERONI!!!
Rizzo grand slam
Rizzo with a chance to do some damage. 
Come on Rizzo, just a hit
Don't let Rizzo get hot!
Rizzo with bases loaded
Somebody lick my lips 
Come on Rizz! You got this!

oh baby, Rizzo is salivating. He's ready to make up for his post season right...
RIZZO YOU SEXY MOTHERFUCKER BUST THIS BITCH WAY OPEN. LETS GOOOOOOOO! 
I need. Gif of Ryan gosling telling me it wasn't over ! It still isn't over!!...
Anthony. I love you a lot. Anything to bring in a run will do. 

Love, me. 
If Rizzo hits in at least three here I'll donate $50 to his charity
Well come on - that's gotta be worth at least $30, right? :)
how about 37.50?
Do it anyway
he hit in 2 throw something his way at least
DO IT ANYWAY! WOO
Someone tell me they screenshotted that Cubs fan in the bear suit!!
Someone has to make that into flair.
I was thinking that!  Rally Bear!!
Let's go Rizzo
Baseball is so weird. 21 innings without a single run (21!). Now 6 runs in 3 ...
RIZZ ON ME
HE'S BACK BABY
This is what happens when you get to the Dodgers bullpen early.

If we can ch...
HES BACK BABY!
This is the Rizzo we know and love!!!
Oh yeah! Big knock Anthony!
RRRIIZZZOOOOOOO' back and better than ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#BROKEN OPEN
FUCKING YESSSSS!!!!! STEP ON THEIR FUCKING THROATS NOW!!!!!!!!! :D
FUCKING YES WELCOME TO THE POSTSEASON RIZZO
#MY MAN RIZZO IS BACK
We're so cocky tonight after being so shitty the last few night heheheh 
Hello Anthony, I've missed you.
Now THIS is what CUBS ball looks like!
I thought after 2 losses we were supposed to go quietly into the night??
#RIZZO DOESN'T BREAK SLUMPS, HE BLOWS THEM TO PIECES!
Don't stop scoring.
RIZZO HAVE MY BABIES
The sleeping bear wakes up!  Welcome back Rizzo!
Got our runs back, plus 1.
#HEY RIZZO, WELCOME TO THE PLAYOFFS!
Seeing all this offense takes me all the way back to 2016
Uh oh, Rizzo is coming back around. Bad news for the Dodgers.
Hello offense my old friend. And WELCOME BACK RIZZO!!!! 
even when he's not fucking up calls, angel hernandez still finds ways to fuck...
Lol ump almost got ran over!!
Shit I'm falling behind our boys,  I've only had seven old styles for our eig...
Da fuck was the ump doing running behind home plate right while Fowler was co...
FUCK YES RIZZO!
My dads CEO gave him a ticket to this game. Fucker didn't give it to me so I ...
OH GOD ANTHONY I LOVE YOU
Joe Buck: "Good things are happening for these Cubs hitters that were struggl...
Holy shit Rizzo. I love you. P.s. get the fuck out of the way Blue
[The bats have awoken!](https://youtu.be/4OwnfPD_OGc) Let's go Cubs!
SAINT ANTHONY, SAINT ANTHONY, DO NOT FROWN! HIT THAT BALL SO IT DON'T COME DOWN!
Welcome back Rizzo.  
#RIZZO YOU MAGNIFICENT BASTARD YOU!
rizzo making me jizzo
;)
Now this is the Cubs we know!
This team!!
Dodgers shaking in their boots because now that have to deal with Rizzoli AND...
Man...this game is loooong
for all the right reasons.
Call 8-6-6 Four Seasons?
Username checks out.
ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜
#EVERYTHING IN ITS RIGHT PLACE
***:D:D:D***
The combination of Rizzo and Szczur is just too many Z's for the Dodgers to h...
Man with Rizzo getting hot this series is totally different. Much better for ...
MY HUSBAND HAS RETURNED. ILU RIZZO
Yo! Is he Amish? 
Oh hey! They woke up. God help opposing pitchers. 
Wish we would steal 3rd here
See, now this is more like it 
Gonzalez can't count.
#safe
SAFE
Gonzalez thought that was the third out but its not even the second
HE'S SAFE
He's safe as fuck.
Not even close. Safe.
Safe
Safe!!!!
how do you blow that call to begin with wow
Clearly Joe
SAFE!
I think his foot might be hovering over the base...
You forgot the /s
I was hoping my fellow cubs fans could fill in the blank
Safe but who the fuck knows
Safe 
He's safe
SAFE!

better not be a makeup call.
SAFE BITCH
SAFE!!!
I wonder if Gonzalez wants a replay on that one?
Yeah baby
Safe he is.  
Safe bitches! 
"I don't know what else could be going on tonight" Hmm I dunno Joe, how about...
I think he was being sarcastic
For some strange reason I was still nervous about that review lol 
Someone get Joe Buck a hankey to blow his nose and dry his tears.
Javi work your stupid sexy magic 
I'll have you know that I was in the bathroom during Rizzo's at-bat.

I'm 2 f...
Let's save some for tomorrow boys
[HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H47ow4_Cmk0)
LMAO cue Yakety Sax for the dodgers
#MAKE THEM PAY
HOLY SHIT YOU GUYS THIS IS AMAZING
LMAOOOOOO
HAHAHAHA HOLY SHIT
#COLLAPSE
This is beautiful
Those errors tho...what're the chances of that?

Edit: Props to Joc for that ...
It's raining runs! Who'd have thought?!
Haha! There we go!
I'll take it!!!
hesalreadydead.gif
Fuckin' Brilliant!!
HOLY FUCK I LOVE LIFE YOU GUYS
Holy shit, they're crumbling
Well that was just amazing to see that happen on the other side. 
Jazz music. Lol 
BAHAHAHAHAHAHA
LOL
Holy shit! Didn't think Pederson had a chance at that and then we score twice...
Hahahahaha, thanks Dodgers
LOL  !!!!!!!!!!!
hahahahahahaha, look at this dodgers team completely implode at the slightest...
That was one of the worst plays I've seen live.
Holy shit this is a clown fiesta
lolololololol 
Do you believe in magic?

Dafuq just happened
Someone get Yakkety Sax over that last play. 
I LOVE that we're back to making people pay for mistakes.
man now the dodgers are just falling apart 

i ***love*** it
 I love everything about Game 4 of the NLCS
we have broken the dodger
Hell of a play by Pederson though.
Lol at Zob running back and forth between first and second
Rizzo had no business scoring there.
Zobrist runs to 2nd all the way to 1st and then back to 2nd
where were you when dodge men was kill?
This is much better. Much, much better.
GOD DAMNIT I CAN'T KEEP UP WITH THIS OFFENSE.

I owe you all three shotguns. ...
Shutout twice but we carry the run differential :)

(at least off of the top ...
What was all that
I love it
Thank the lord the bats have finally shown up in this series.
LITTLE LEAGUE!
What is Buck saying now?

I *almost* want to switch back to it.

Well, I love this... 
That's a very quiet stadium. 
Ok relievers, focus and finish this
Over/ under 1.5 more innings until Larry King leaves
He's still alive?
He's immortal
Over/ under 1.5 more innings until Larry King ~~leaves~~ dies?

Way under
'Gotta beat the traffic, ya'know?'
Joc needs to find a hat that fits, helmet and hat are always flying off
Joc's got nothing on Hunter Pence though.
True dat
Buttholes around Chicago have all unclenched. 
You can tell joe fuck is mad as hell right now lol.
 Fan-fucking-tastic inning.
NO MERCY

TIME TO TURN THIS SERIES AROUND
Somebody here better sync that whole sequence up to the Benny Hill theme by t...
Yes. Lay it on. Step on their throats. 
Can someone explain why he threw it to third base after the play was well ove...
They were essentially challenging that Bryant left the bag early and didn't p...
Dodgers though Bryant left before catch and didn't tag up.  Threw to appeal j...
Appealing to see whether Bryant waited until the ball was caught to tag up.
It's called "appealing" and it's basically them saying they didn't think that...
If Bryant left too early or if Rizzo didn't touch the base rounding 3rd then ...
Noone's on third?
Who's on first
They were trying to see if Bryant didn't touch third base after the outfielde...
It's an appeal to the umpire to check if the runner tagged up before the ball...
Oh yeah Joe Buck? You'll be on the show? Yeah I definitely WON'T be tuning in...
Throw him out!
#K
Joc don't tempt the Hernandez, many have tried and it never ends well.
Not tossed? O.o
Question to you guys: Do you keep Monty in for another inning? 
I say this acknowledging that I've made a lot of bad calls so far. 

But... 
...
Yeah but pull him at first sign of trouble. If he gets another 1-2-3 inning, ...
I'd try to. He has the endurance for it, and The lead is fine for him to hit....
Honestly I would. Huge lead, he's doing well. Save em.
No way, take him out so he can go tomorrow.
eject at least one of these jokers blue demand some respect

at least rizzo w...
Monty is a beast.
Hayward does need to do some tweaking this offseason I think. Hopefully he ha...
Judging by that scream....someone just died.
Cue in Dodgers fans saying the commentators are rooting for the Cubs. 
There are still 2 more innings for the Dodgers bullpen to go and they are sta...
#TIME FOR THE DODGERS TO EAT THEIR VEGETABLES!
Fans wont strike out with gold coast bank.
VISIT GOLD COAST BANK DOT NET TODAY
Attaway Stringbean!
Damn that was nasty
Going back to that Rizzo thing I remember in high school ball our Coach would...
HOLY CRAP
holy crap the ball is flying of CEJ's hand.
Less balls in the dirt please, Crrrrrrl.
Any clue on game times for 6 and 7*?
Pat said a few minutes ago that game 6 is officially at 7:08 again.
I think it'll be 7:00 central all series? Nothing official yet though?
MLB confirmed it earlier (according to my dad)
Weird. I looked on MLB.com and they list the time for tomorrow's game but not...
7pm cst 
7 central
19:08 to be exact
19:08
Respect for military time!
Did Larry King leave already?
###STAYWOKE
What's up with carl?
What happened Carl?
Ah shit. I hope CJ is ok.
Oh that's not great. When CEJ is hitting it he's been lights out.  
Pls b ok x
Please be Ok CEJ
fuck....
carl whipped like that one kid did and broke his arm
what happened? thats not good :(
Awww, ball 4?  Boooo!
ayyyyyyyyyyyyy
noooooooooo
Well that's unfortunate.
Ugh damnit
Please stop walking and finish this my god. 
Atta boy Woody!
Those types of pop flies are heart attack inducing.
Oh, I'm so fucking glad that they will (probably) win tonight!! It would've b...
Nothing like coming back to the blue brothers 
KB needs to unload right now.  
And an NX announcement tomorrow?! It's a good day.
WAIT WHAT
https://twitter.com/NintendoAmerica/status/788900063833493504
OH SHIT I DIDN'T THINK I COULD BE MORE HYPED BUT I AM
Haha, Nintendo and Cubs are two of my favorite things.
SAME HERE
So pumped
Holy shit what is this pitcher?
wow! lots of empty seats there el ay.
I just can't comprehend these empty seats.  
Traffic in LA is a bitch.
It's taken me over 2 hours to get 10 miles outside of Chicago.
I hear ya.
and they look so comfy too...
KB balls deep in OBP tonight.
Don't you be hitting my KB.
Goodnight guys. Great game! 
Still need 6 outs! Don't jinx it!
:( but im tired
You can sleep, but you'll miss the celebration (or apocalyptic collapse thread)!
I'll read it in 4 hours lol
Don't you hurt kb
Those seats look really empty weird.
Wow Dodgers fans are salads
He needs that bat
Wow, Rizzo got his mojo back?
You know it Shill. You and me are pals in this thread
Alright! Palsies!
I'll throw you some props and say I love your city. Not sure where you're at ...
Thanks man but I don't live there! I really couldn't tbh.
Rizzzzzz. 3-5
Well look I guess it goes without saying Rizzo is incredible and also everyon...
I think Rizzo is sick of us talking shit on him
"THE SCZRURR BAT"
So so glad Rizzo (and Russell) are back tonight!
There we go Rizzo
Rizzo now with more hits from the 5th inning on than he did the rest of the p...
so much for shifting everyone right. 
This game finally brought our lil boy back! 
"The Bat"
Puig saved a run. Nice play.
Holy shit what a catch
Man, good defense gives me an erection no matter who makes the play.
Okay, fine. Good catch Puig.
Did he say Puig's throw hit Bryzzo?
RIZZO is alive!!!
A hell of a snatch
Damn. That was a hell of a catch.
CEJ left hamstring tightness. 
Does that type of intellectual property announcement have an industry term?
Tight hammy for Carl's jr 
"Game break time!
*dead silence*
Geez, 11 pitchers between both teams so far. 
Jackie and Kelso are Dodgers fans.
And Bears fans. Kinda weird. 
What? A 123 inning? That's a thing?
You'd think how terrible Buck called that 2004 PS, he'd want to forget it. 
lol why would they show the bar in the top of 9th when the game is over?
Boredom with the game
Fuck yeah Addi. 
**Addison Ruthless...ell**
Fuck yes.

The bats are back!!!
Russell! Killing it tonight.
FUCK JOE BUCK, controversy my ass, there was a black shadow under his fingers...
If you think that was the right call, you are a homer. 
Urias is gonna have a tough time pitching tonight with his cock balls deep in...
Almost as funny as LITTERALLY EVERY FUCKING TIME THE DODGERS ARE PITCHING 
Fucking Heyward can't even do the only thing we have him in the game for.
Stop
Stop speaking the truth? Never!
God, you suck
You mistake me for our offense.
Holy shit you're so funny!
I'll be here for a while, Pedro Baez is pitching.
Gonzalez seems like a huge douchebag
I respect the guy.. Just because he's passionate doesn't mean he is a doucheb...
I mean I hate him this series but he seems like a really nice dude off the field
I didn't really have an opinion on him before this season. Kind of liked him ...
He's actually a super nice guy unfortunately. But he plays for the dodgers so...
He was pretty clearly out, hand wasn't actually touching the plate when he go...
I'm not sure what I'm more nervous about, the Cubs game tonight or the fact t...
Rumor has it that Obamas half brother is really Reggie Jackson sent there to ...
Pitch four of the AB should've been a strikeout.
Jesus fucking Christ that was a hard slide and they should both be out. 
FUCK YOU TURNER. ATTA FUCKING BOY WILLY ATTA BOY ADDI
Member the last game we gunned people out on base? Oooo I member
Balky as fuuuuck
So how old is the pitcher? It's been 30 seconds and I forgot. He looks pretty...
57.
i think he's 12?
28?
If Urias gets one balk call we'll be able to run as much as we want
Heyward survived a lot of fastballs, which is good, but he missed three hitta...
If Russell gets on I could see Lackey being so angry that he sends one out of...
His timing is just ever so slightly off. Heyward just needs to go to KB's dad...
agreed
Um, his timing isn't slightly off. His timing is catastrophic. He has no busi...
Hard to have faith in a guy with that many mechanical flaws. 
At least we're making some solid contact.
We're going to murder the cover off the ball the second time through. 
Too close to overturn I think.
Proof needs to be conclusive right? He's out.
I think he's out. Tag was made before the runner's hand angled down enough to...
Who fucking cares if TV has safe? 
He was acting as if Fox is credible lmao
No shit. They have been up the Dodgers ass all series so of course they would...
terrrrrible call. MLB trying to save face.  That was safe.
We deserve that. 
No you dont
HAHAHAHA YESSSS! The salty Dodger tears sustain me!

Also, he was probably safe.
GOD DAMN FUCKING BABIP
Rizzo you are amazing, you gotta believe in yourself
Take him out. I'm done watching rizzo just look confused and tired up there.
As a city we've put too much pressure on these guys. They can't have fun, the...
That's what they get those millions for. They can look at a paycheck then or ...
that pressure is never going to go away, not until they win
The playoffs are tense for everyone 
You don't think Cleveland / LA are doing the same? They need to step up
Not like us. It's the biggest drought in sports, Cleveland has the Cavs, and ...
I wouldn't use Kershaw either.  I could pitch 7 shutout innings against this ...
You're move Rizzo
This is all I wanted.. Just some damn fight.  *If* we lose this series I want...
Well, great season everyone. See you next year I guess. /s
trade kane for miller straight up move the team to rosemont
we're up 5-0 chill guys
God fuckin damm it coulda been an easy double play...
If we're gonna be honest that could've gone way worse.
This ain't 2003. Nice recovery
My mom is 83. We enjoy watching Heyward at bats so we can play a game of what...
Seriously, fuck Joe Buck.
We traded Rizzo for Adrian Gonzalez... and now it's Hanley at first lol
It's in the past, but I thought he was obviously out the whole time. You can ...
Lol, it was a fucking Double Playward, but those don't work with nobody on fi...
Wow! Monty fucked us over right there.
Wow. That's a gift. Why even have instant replay? I'm a Cub fan, but want to ...
Agree, he probably was safe. I hope karma on this one is kind
It's a terrible camera angle you can't see the leading edge of the glove or h...
I wish I cared. After this long, I just want to win.
Fuck off
Couldn't conclude his fingers were down, I'd assume
"Mistake pitch to the #8 hitter"
Stfu Smoltz he was the 5 hitter all year and...
Smoltz is just commenting on the fact that he is hitting in front of the pitc...
I'm not hating on that at all, it's  classy. But wouldn't you want to make su...
That does not seem to be john lackeys opinion.
Awful at bat by Fowler.

Awful at bat by Bryant.

Nothing's changed. 
Saturday, I was visiting my girlfriend in Dallas. We were about to leave, but...
> Should I have hot dogs with ketchup tonight?

I'm so sorry. Yes, yes you sh...
> Should I have hot dogs with ketchup tonight?

You could if you don't mind e...
Win or lose, this thread here is for Jhicks pops, in my eyes. Let's get a W!!!
Could someone please put Pete Rose out to pasture. He's just terrible to list...
We haven't had a 3 game losing streak yet asshole
We've had 4 or 5....
I meant currently like he implied. 
we lost 4 in a row June 20-23
I meant currently
Last two games were my fault guys, I had work and every game I've worked and ...
# GUYS IT CAN BOUNCE AND STILL HIT HIM CALM DOWN 
Dodgers fans really think he intentionally hit him in the foot with a slider?...
HAVE A SEAT BITCH!!!!! Let's fucking go right here!!!
You're fucking out bitch. 
Wilson needs to be catching every game Ross isn't. Jake needs to get over him...
julio urias looks like the alien in a mexican spinoff of Splice
First balk of the night.
Balk
Good AB here for Heyward. (Of course Smoltz finds a way to criticize)
Endless foul tips just drive up the pitch count and I'm okay with this. 
He struck out but he did work a good chunk of pitches. Not a completely unpro...
Better than a double play I guess
Holy moly, he wasn't even close to hitting that and it really doesn't get a w...
92mph fastball down the very heart of the zone. Could catch up to it.

I've d...
-_______________________________-
Solid contact. Coomer just said that Urias' velocity was down from the 1st in...
Good swing.
Oh, he's actually safe and the out call was just false fucking hope once agai...
Players should be shamed publicly for insisting on replay and being wrong.
Hey, that's what Heyward's in there for though, right!? Useless.
HOW DO YOU LET ADRIAN GONZALEZ BEAT YOU TO THE PLATE?!??!?!?!
Heyward is out there fucking picking his ass before he makes the throw. 
Hovering hand..
Knew it. Suck a dick LA.
IT WAS TOO CLOSE TO OVERTURN
gonzalez's hands seemed like was in the air when contreras touched him
These announcers hate us
> "this game is rigged for money"

> Chicago is a smaller market than LA

ok
eh the cubs are a huge market
But if you're rigging this game for a huge market, LA is bigger.
I really don't like being no-hit beyond 3 innings.
I still love you rizzo <3
Rizzo is hot garbage.  
21 innings without a run
What's going on? Why are the Cubs leaving the field. They didn't get a runner...
We absolutely need to win this game now. The mental effect if, after overcomi...
Cubs lookin good on the same night I get my Yeezys!
Urias did his best Jake Arrietta impersonation.
LONG DICKIN
Damn Wilson, that's the second time in the playoffs that you've done that. Go...
Come on, Lackey, strike out this hobo.
He won't walk him.

edit: good thing i'm not a gambling man
Fucking idiot. Fuck.
DP if he lets that go. FUCK
[Ugh...](http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/2014/01/O0adam.gif)
What happened I missed it? 
Bases loaded and a chopper right by the pitcher. He deflected it with his glo...
Bases loaded no outs. Monty strikes out Seager. Had a possible DP but it boun...
*sheds tear* everything is just going so well
there has been an awakening....
*So this Dodgers' nightmare ends*

*So another shall begin.*
FOWLER NICE FUCKING HIT STUPID JUST KIDDING WE ARE AWESOME AGAIN
Anyone have a video of the Rizzo/ump convo they played?
It's posted in this subreddit already.
Thanks, asshole.
Dude, I was letting you know it's posted at the top of this subreddit right n...
https://www.clippituser.tv/c/twitter/agpvk
Very cool. Thank you.
Oh Maeda better look out, dude is gonna get lit the fuck up.
20 innings without a run
Wow. What a Cubs way to fuck up
Typical Heyward AB
Oh God Hernandez is calling home? We're fucked
I think these shaky as fuck strikezones have really messed our guys up.  They...
That's a a great point. There have been a few too many weirdly called pitches...
The strike zones aren't any more or less inconsistent than they were all year.
yea Rizzo is def not winning the MVP this year
Voting was before the post season
Oh lord that would be embarrassing.
They already voted pre-WC
Don't they vote before playoffs?
Voting concludes at the end of the regular season
I chose the wrong inning to decide to masturbate.
Fuck off rizzo. God dammit(didn't mean it baby come back.)
Jesus Christ what a shitty call. He was **EXCEEDINGLY** safe. I don't care th...
You couldnt even make an argument that the lacing got him. It was a shit tag ...
And a shittier throw from Heyward. 
It wasn't a shitty call, watch his hand. It's still going down to touch the p...
Replay looked like his hand was over the plate until after the tag, didn't ac...
Their reasoning is you probably cant tell if his fingers are down, inconclusi...
Im driving six hours to pick up my girlfriend from school for break so sadly ...
Girlfriends are a dime a dozen.  Cubs winning the series though.....
Let's start by getting a run and go from there!
I have gone ahead and sacrificed a chicken, bats don't fail us now. Let's get...
We win tonight and we're the favorites again. Let's shell Urias and watch Joh...
Been dealing with a cold sweat and a brutal migraine all day and I'm still no...
GO CUBS GO
The lineup the Dodgers are running out screams for Maddon to pull Lackey for ...
Go Cubs!
I'm locked in and ready to mash!
Let's do this. at work but can watch through Directv online.
drank a lot of coca cola and now i am hyped! ONE GAME WINNING STREAKS. LET'S ...
Somebody hold me. 
Oh good, softball sized hail.  I didn't know it could hail at 70 fucking degr...
I'm stoked. Lets go.
Cubs bats need to start working tonight. Indians are looking pretty good
What's everybody's hype music right now?
Beck - Morning Phase
https://youtu.be/UPOYBJMNXmA
holy shit
Darude-sandstorm 
â™« Why you gotta say Darude â™« 
Elton John - Tiny Dancer
Fuck the closer, Tony Danza
Fuck the haters, Tony Rizzo
I predict the Cubs have a rocky first inning but go in for the kill in the 2nd
I predict a rocky first time through the order, then KB says FU and hits it o...
I predict straight murder all game. 
Hey guys, rookies can't come out and throw gems in the playoffs right? That's...
They just showed a reel of Urias throwing Cubs strikes as if he destroyed us....
He had 2 starts against the Cubs one went well the other didn't 
[Javi in his first AB tonight](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pv5T-L4p_kQ)
Pete Rose also reminds me of Frank from it's Always Sunny
The perfect blend o...
Heart rate is too damn high and the game hasn't even started.
I hope medium sized Z gets into the game we put him on the NLCS roster but he...
I hope Big John throws a Maddux.
I'm glad the Cubs are playing tonight so I don't fall into the trap of watchi...
God fuck the Bears man ): We need new owners.
Tomorrow you mean?
That's tomorrow homie
Wow I'm dumb. Still, no Bears tomorrow either.
I'm all the way up
NOTHING CAN STOP ME
This reminds me of last night. Wonder why.
Pete Rose never has anything good to say about the Cubs 
That fuckin' Keith Moreland cost him a lot of money back in the day.
Frank Thomas is a gigantic man.
Arguably? Who's arguing against it?
Please don't go random dude Cy Young for the third time this postseason. 
When our bats get going, it's going to be down hill for the Dodgers
Let fuckin go boys. New day, new life. 
That autotrader commercial was a hell of a plot twist
Alright guys let's win this
LETS  GO!!!! Must win game.
Just realized I'm out of dip. Do I walk to 711 and buy a tin or go a game wit...
Wish I could bum you one... you in Riverside? Chicago not the California one
Nah I'm in the city what ya dippin I'll go buy the same tin as you
......better make the walk. 
RALLY DIP is a proven science 
And here we go!
Hoping the Cubs can Urias cry on the mound tonight like the child he is!!  LE...
Let's do it boys, let's get some runs!
It's time for them to show how wrong people are for putting them as underdogs...
You go, we go Dex. Let's get it going. 
Only 20, unbelievable.
Corey Seager wears white sunglasses
fowler struggling is really killing this offense, i cant remember the last ti...
bryant should lead off 
He went yard in Game 1.
Alrighty, game is underway and I've also donned some exciting socks!
BAA is crazy low this October across the board. 
Anybody know how Dexter and Zobrist compare batting from left and right?
Two easy groundouts
Well then...
That hesitation killed him
I wonder if Urias had Bell's palsy? I only ask cause I had it too.
IIRC he had a tumor removed as a child which is why he has the lazy eye
Fantastic take there. 
He totally came around! /s
bleh
Well damn, we needed that first inning to go a little differently 
Isn't Lackey the only other rookie Pitcher to ever play in and win a playoff ...
Lackey's gonna go six, give up 2 or 3 runs, be typical, consistent Lackey. We...
I hope Lackey doesn't have to throw a fit on the mound tonight
Aww look at the baby horsey 
Good good
Let's go defense 
Lackey looks like the guy off that tv show Grimm.
Whoops. 
Still hit by pitch if it hits the ground first?
That hit the ground first?
That hit the ground first. 
Excuse me for a second.... FUCK!... Okay carry on John 
?
Holy shit Larry King is still alive?!?!?
Larry King.  Hello.
I find that muting the sound helps the anger a bit. I will still rage like a ...
Hitting the ground first doesn't matter.
definitely  got the sound on mute today. cant. take. buck.

zone sucks
Cubs haven't worked a pitching count like this early yet
oh javy
Come on Baez.... 
Ginge cunt
They are booing. Ridiculous
No way. Nope. No way. 
Can Baez plant his feet and throw?
Hello darkness my old friend
Lol at the Lackey reaction.
FUCK.  We can't have anything nice.
jesus christ lackey
jesus lackey
#GOD. DAMMIT. FRIENDLY TEAMMATES!  
That's what he said, right?
HOLY FUCKING SHIT CONTRERAS AND BAEZ
RUSSELL
Contreras says fuck you.
WILLSON
That was interference in my opinion. If they're going to have the rule, that ...
Beautiful 
WILLSON?!?
Way to make up for it Javy
Or russel....
RUSSELL
Contreras you turn me on so much, fuck man. 
Lackey I never thought i'd say that I love you.
YA DONE SON!
Wtf!!! That's the type of shit you get hit for 
Atta baby!!!!!!
HEYO take that, people who just doubted our defense 
Oh baby
Yeah yeah yeah FUCK yeah
What a cannon
Addi learned it from Javy
WILLSON
Willson!
 - fuck you Roberts he's out
Ur fuckin out#
Now that is a beautiful play
holy fuck that TAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAG
WIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIILSON
Wilson has a cannon.
Even better than that stupid thing the Blue Jackets have.
#ATTA BOY
Yes!!
LETS FUCKING GO!
What a fucking throw Willson
Perfect!
TAKE A SEAT GOD DAMNIT LET'S FUCKING GO
what an incredible tag
Contreras for Cy Young.
Holy moly Willson!
What an athletic move
THATS THE TURN AROUND
WILLSON
WILLY!
That is absolutely fucking outstanding, Willson. Christ on a bike, wow.
OUT!!! GO CUBS! WE GOT THIS!
I FEEL GOOD AGAIN, GUYS. 
Zob and Baez up. Lets get some runs.
Contreras is a beast at throwing those picks!
That was absolutely fucking huge.
FUCK YEAH. That's exactly the type of shit we need to get our gears turning a...
That was...amazing
WILLSON!!!!!
Damn, that was a sexy throw.
Fuck yeah willson!!!!
Just screamed like Old Man Lackey himself, fuck yeah!
Got his fingertips. Later RedBeard
Damn, Willson
Pinpoint
#HELL YES
Fucking magician. 
There's the spark
So actual question, what happens with AGon's AB now since the final out was g...
He leads off next inning.
Starts off the inning with the count reset
He starts the next inning at 0-0
Starts over clean next inning. Doesn't count as an official AB.
He leads off
He gets a fresh AB next inning
He is up in the bottom of the 2nd.
Resets to 0-0. I think.
Hes up again
He's banished from baseball and needs to start over as an avocado farmer.
He starts fresh next inning. 
Just got home, 0-0 so that seems good so far!
how long will tonights game last?  
Big willy style
Give me 2 fucking Runs here boys let's go!
Can we please get some new commercials?
LETS HIT SOME FUCKING BASEBALLS!!!!!!!
Does FS1 have the World Seies as well?
I think it's just Fox
i think thats just regular fox
FOX
Fox does.
LETS GO! 
I got Harry Potter over here. I don't think I saw that one last night.
He turned 20. DRINK
Let's fucking play some baseball today!!!
We didnt get that call!
Has anyone else ever seen a catcher pick off throw to 2nd base? I haven't.
Holy shit someone is ahead in a count!
Yeah these batting swings are lacking conviction.
That's a start Javy.
Baez with a walk? Bizaro world
Loving Baez this postseason 
Baez gives a shit. 
It's time to take advantage. 
Good eye Javy. Lets get him over
Maybe the cubs are just waiting to be good next year. There's always next yea...
Based Baez.
Javy walking is always a good sign.
Baez's theme song should be here I go again on my own
Big game Baez is here.
That was the one that could have done damage. Let him off the hook. Like all ...
Willy is so good that he doesn't need to balk to pick people off
well hey there, larry king...
I missed the first inning in traffic. Can one person give me a recap of Lacke...
not great PAs, not horrendous. baez took a great walk just now. Lackey averag...
Throwing error on Baez after a walk, Contreras picked the runner off on 2nd. ...
Good zone recognition and severe angry looks verging on homicidal thoughts wh...
balk
Fuck Larry King back there, where's Bill Murray?
Probably crashing someone's watch party back in Chicago.
Urias fears the Baez.
Boooooooooo
Are you fking kidding me

To be fair his foot didn't appear to go beyond the rubber
Work on him Brandon.
Lets go! 
Safe!
LETS GOO!!!
Lol, fuck you Chutley.
Yessssss
If Cubs lose tonight I am blaming it on Larry King sitting behind home plate;...
Enjoy that E Utley. 
AYYYYYYYYY
Oh, we needed that!
Baez had no idea he would've walked away had the umpire not made the huge saf...
Good hustle Javy! 
Heyward make them pay
HAHAHAHHA UTLEY you had no chance at the DP you PUTZ. Let's make them pay. 
HAHA FUCK DODGERS
Balk Count: 2
THERE WE GO! Let's go Jason!
FINALLY A DAMN BREAK!  

Now let's not screw it up...
lol utley
Whew, hell of a diving stop by Seager
Seagar thinks he's baez...lol
Thats the break we need!
That's right fam
there we fucking go boys

now make something happen heyward
GET SHIT ON SEAG
Get 'em rattled boys
Let's go Heyward!
I'M SO FIRED UP LEGGO CUBS
Why thank you Chase! Now drive them in!
Oh thank god..... but still, Fuck you Seager
#YES LET'S GET SOME FUCKING MOMENTUM BOYS, LET'S FUCKING GO
Nice play Utley......... NAHT! 

~ Borat
That was NOT a nice play
~Borat
Some karma for your bitch asses
Need some runs here, right?  
YES. LET'S GOOOOO 
Woo Hoo he dropped it
I just called Javy an idiot... He makes me nervous sometimes
#MAKE THEM PAY
THATS WHAT YOU GET FOR HAVING A CHEATING PITCHER
FUCK YOUR DOUBLE PLAY. LETS FUCKING GO. ATTA BOY WILLY. I KNOW YOU CALCULATED...
That's what balking assholes get 
AYY

that was a good thing which just happened
#IS GOOD YES
NEED to take advantage here 
Last time we had 2 runners on? Baez and Contreras
Something went our way. I can't believe it. 
Lol not good enough to be cheeky Utley
How old is Utley? 
ya blew it. 
please capitalize on this
Okay got somethimng brewin' now... let's do some damage!
Warning Heyward hate incoming.
WE GET IT JESUS STFU 
1 base hit, please 
How about we score these guys this time, instead of just doing nothing
Lets put some Runs on the board!!!!!!
LETS GO CUBS!!!!!!!!
holy fuCK SHUT UP ABOUT OUR OFFENSE WE GET IT
How about YOU just think about it Buck you piece of shit 
Here we go boys let's get it going.
Please capitalize
Joe Buck, shut your whore mouth 
as Pat says, Heyward homered against Urias back in the summer
Let's GO
We caught a break. Now let's take advantage. Let's go J-Hey!
JASON LETS FUCKING GO I BELIEVE IN YOU 
get on the bag baez lol

Heyward dinger?
I mean Heyward gotta get a hit here right? 
LETS FUCKING GO!!!!!
I'm ready for J-Hey to do something.
I'm ready for the Chicago Cubs to do something. 
That swing looked painful in slow-motion
Let's go coobs
i feel like these guys are wasting their time talking about jason's struggles...
To be fair, this is a national audience and a lot of the casual fans don't kn...
COME ON JHEY!
Work the pitch count. I'll take it.
Heyward wants yard and wants it bad. 
LEGGGGGGOOO

heyward is literally flipping his foot out 
He didn't look ready for that pitch
HERE WE GOOOOOO
How do you try to pull that ball? 
He is fighting his ass off here!  Good battle!
i'm so excited i can't stop shitposting about my excitement
Baez just stares him down there saying fuck you bud
Good AB
Just don't GIDP heyward
-.-
Anyone know how to listen to Pat Hughes or Len Kasper online?
This is tense
That was frustration, Heyward was on every pitch but was just late to the ball
Why on earth does Heyward reset his hands. They go back while swinging that's...
Russell. Plz.
Ugh
LETS GO ADDI
JHey got 5 meatballs...
Come on Addison!!!!
Fucking hell
Go figure
This is your moment Addi take it
Addi is hitting a gapper here 
Is it just me, or was Heyward's swing at the exact same angle every fucking t...
Addy needs a hit so badly here
Russell. This is the time to end your slump.
why does he turn his body like a goof lmao
LETS GO ADDY
Cmon JHey. WHY CAN'T HE HIT A FASTBALL
That was a strike. I'll take it. 
They seem to be late on so much, I have no idea if they are just guessing wro...
At least it's not just us Angel Hernandez dicks over on these calls
argh
God fucking damnit man 
fuck man
SHIT

good swing Russell.
GOD DAMN IT 3 MORE FEET.
Damnit Addi... watch the hanging curveball, swing at the high strikes.
Fuck
Fuck you 
Thought it was gone, wow
Got under it a little bit. Sigh.
dad noooooo
Well that was our chance.   But nothing.  
Ugh. Hopefully tonight at least we will capitalize on the high pitch count af...
I got a halfie right there. Thought it was going for a second
Lets go Lackey, our bats are coming. (Atleast I truly hope so) lol 
Had an opportunity, yet couldn't cash in because we're still without a hit. S...
ARRR. That's a dinger in some parks, right?
If it hung about four or feet feet lower for a line drive he would've had a 2...
Skip and Shannon promo. Drink. 
Hell of a matchup, these 2 teams are gettin at eachother
I don't know why but I love the Jon Glaser Loves Gear commercials.
Nothing going our way man.
Well Lackey is still alive so we have that going for us
God dammit, I wish Adrian Gonzalez gave me more reasons to hate him
He plays for the Dodgers and is killing us, you seriously need more reasons?
What the fuck was that haha?
lmao wtf
Offfff coursssseeeee. It's so easy right!?!?!?!?!
Gonzales is a motherfucker
double play here
chill people, lots of baseball left. I trust in Lackey and the rest of the te...
[deleted]
Urias has had a lot of pitches so far. But he's really really improved this y...
I'm still shocked that Heyward hit that homer off of Jake last year in the pl...
He was the only Cardinal that could touch Jake. He had multiple hits against ...
It barely made it when the wind was blowing out. Like all Heyward home runs p...
Just imagine if we had 2015 Heyward on this team :'(
That looked like a strike...
Where did that miss?
Joc's face as he walked off was classic.
Joc itched.
Time for some Bushmills. Let's Go, Cubbies!
FUCKIN HELL
Gettin squeezed again...
Who's worse, Buck or Hawk
Hawk
Devil Hernandez sucks 
It was a ball.
If they talk about Kroger...
Meanwhilst, the Dodgers fans would be bitching that ball 4 wasn't a strike if...
THATS WHY HEYWARD IS OUT THERE BABY
he was....out?
Lackey is about three seconds away from pulling out the switchblade in his pa...
Wtf
its hard to get a guy out with 5 strikes
JHEYYYYYY


Damn prob safe 
Angel's got a pretty good zone, but damn I hate that delayed call.
#ARE YOU SERIOUS 
"I've been impressed with Andrew Toles"

Fuck off Buck you've been blowing th...
what a shit run
Fucking Toles man.
Heyward you beautiful man!
Gotta be out... 
AND THEY SENT HIM AGAIN LMAO

oh no he might be safe
Prolly safe, but I don't think you can overturn it. 
Yes you can :/
Um what was that?
You were right! :D
THAT'S RIGHT LET'S GO
PLEASE JESUSBE OUT
Of course he's safe rofl, I'm fucking so done dude.
FUcking really Wilson, you don't go for his fucking arm?
Fuck
One run?

And that's the game.
HES FUCKING OUT 
safe... crap
Tag the fucking plate
GOD FUCKING DAMNIT YOU HAVE TO BE FUCKIN ME GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
Damn it. He looks safe. 
Heyward has a cannon for an arm.
Lackey's lost three calls at the knees to lefties so far, including at least ...
LET'S FUCKING GO COME ON
Ah fuck, that could be safe
Fuck. safe
Fuck. No. god. No. 
It looked like Heyward hesitated on the throw. 
fuck
Motherfuck.
Good throw Heyward!

Let's look at the replay.
What the fÃ»ck is with these God damn no namers beating us
fuck
Who the fuck is Toles? Seriously?
Oh shit.
Are you serious? I'M DONE
OH COME THE FUCK ON
Oh no
bad tag willy
Damn it looks like he was just safe.
Put that glove down dammit
Put your body on the line Wilson
The ball wasn't there in time. Had to reach for it.
I think he grazed the arm. Need more angles
I will not survive this game
I wish I could wag my finger and the umps would review any call. 
JHey with a gun. Poor tag. Gotta put the glove on the front of the plate. 
Hit his face first 
looks to me like his hand was over the plate but wasn't touching it when he w...
I wanna say he slid up the arm there 
I'm scared, this tag is definitely up in the air...
He was safe. Lets get this game going


Edit: ayylmao
Oh shut up Gonzalez... 
Adrian is annoying as he's always been 
wow...
Willy came up way more than he needed to.
LOL
lol 
YOU'RE GODDAMN RIGHT
Â¯\\\_(ãƒ„)_/Â¯ 
Well this is awesome lol what a bad call
I don't know how he was out, but I'll take it!
WE ARE LUCKY AS FUCK
HOLY SHIT IM SO RELIEVED 
Well. That's some luck. 
Whew
castrowhew.gif
HAHA YES
Run with the break here
Cmon big John! Show us your lumber now
WHEW. Let's fucking go!! 
Think we got away with one boys 
Oh thank the replay gods.
YES!!!!!!! WE GET A FUCKING BREAK
Told yall he was out. His hand was hovering over the base when the tag was ma...
 Good call. 
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
Let's fucking gooooo!!!!!!
Bullshit but we really needed a break 
Love it!
YES!!!
this page isnt refreshing
ah, shit.   
Get the lead arm, next time, dangit! :(
FUCK YEA
"Walk off bomb."

Drink. 
Offense needs to start taking advantage of these situations
I just want a run please.

I really dont think im asking for to much.
I think that the heel of his glove miiiiiiiiiight have caught the arm,  but w...
Fingers didn't seem down by the time the glove hit face.
The extra slow mo replay seemed to be a clear out to me. 
Switching to vodka. Runs are coming!
Well why would you send AGon there? Best arm in right and he would have been ...
that wasn't clear or convincing at all
Calling it. Lackey bomb!
Why not Almora in RF? Why Heyward? That's why.
So he can make bad thrown offline?
Almora could've made a better throw.. Not saying he would have but that wasn'...
GO BUCK YOURSELF
I wouldn't mind 5 runs this inning, my anxiety can't handle another close game.
I hope the series turns on that.
2nd time through the lineup..lets get some hits!
Good swings today at least.
We have had that all series they just hit them right at people
We need a hit
come on boys everyone knows you've got some dingers in you, every one of you....
Literally nothing is landing on the ground, Jesus.
It's like a fly to the light, the ball to their glove every time. 
Attack the first pitch Kris!
Wow I'm shocked that was caught 
I've about had it with this Andrew Toles shit
Haha was that really not strike 3?
This offense...its scoreless innings streak is quickly approaching my age 
Come on Rizzo I believe in you
Anthony my friend - if ever there was a time to snap it...
C'mon Rizz! 
Come on Rizzo.  I BELIEVE 
is he still whining?   
He's just not squaring it up, is he?

Wow that was shit
Rizzo the Redeemer <fingerscrossed>
Jesus, come on Rizzo.
BLACKJACK
[Anthony Rizzo](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6265dz7j71qzsyre.png)
Someone get Rizzo an older priest and a younger priest
I know we are facing great pitching. But what the heck Rizzo?! Let's get an R...
No runs through three? How about no hits through three.
Man I hate Rizzo is a regular season player.  Really like they guy and was ho...
This might be one of those series we talk about for years to come, great pitc...
I wanna know how feels to score agian
You guys are starting to sound like Harold Reynolds with all this balk talk
Guys guys guys it's next AB Rizzo snaps back. For real this time
speaking of, how many not-balks have there been so far? 
How do we get a hit? Wtf. 
 if we ever get the lead off guy on bunt the fucking ball 
leadoff guy reaches

2 sac bunts

pray for a wild pitch
We aren't out of this guys. Remember game 4 in the divisional series. 
We had some signs of life early in that game though. These guys are playing l...
I'm not sure what's even going on. Did we ever slump like this in the season?
Weren't you watching?
Seeing as I live in Nashville, no, I couldn't watch all the time.
I live in Europe, you have no excuse.  
And not watching every game isn't equ...
Well there's the kicker 
When Fowler was injured yeah
2 weeks before all star break.
cmon Rizz...
C'mon man

It's useless if we can't score.
Rizzo just needs some Katie Nolan loving
sigh...
Buck Fuck off
Phew
If the bats can't get going then nothing else really matters. 
good enough 
Little close for comfort there damn! 
Eat shit, Utley.
FUCK YOU UTLEY 
**Passes out **
PHEW
Well, that was lucky.
Heyward fooled me into thinking it was gone
That was a little closer than i'd have liked. 
Closer than a new couple during their honeymoon phase.
Sweet baby rays that was scary
omg my stream went blank for a second.
i felt my heart skip a beat, or four. 
at least we get out of this inning without anything happening
solid defensive inning i like it
Hey guys, let's hit some fucking balls.
I just realized the Cubs have no hits -______-
Wake me up when we get a damn hit. 
Phewww
Feed on Fox No Go is late.  Lame. 
Switching up the flair per the deal with the BABIP gods. Hopefully they don't...
Man I relate to this commercial about business dinners and the night club too...
Oh good. We are going to talk about Kershaw. Does he like walks on a beach? H...
Uriah Heap has a no hitter going. A NO HITTER. 
EDIT:YOURE WELCOME
Cubs couldn't hit the barn side of a broad right now.
that was entirely too lose. Great job Heyward. 
You can hear the desperation in Pat's voice.
I don't know what we have to do to get runs.
Well thats a cheap hit, but its still a hit!!
Lets bunt more
Hot damn what a bunt
Beautiful Zobs.
Shit we should've been doing that more often 
<polite-applause>
Let me see some of the small ball action!! WE GOT A HIT!
Cubs need Nugenix! 

No hitter over!
I want no part of Lackey trying to go through this lineup for a third time.
ZOBRIST YOU GENIUS!!!! A PERFECT FUCKING BUNT! A HIT! LETS GOOOOOI
That was a beaut, Zobs.
Perfect Zo!

Let's get something started here!
Good bunt!
#THERE YOU GO! 
Hee go Benzo! Anyway works, nuce bunta

Edit: Fuck it, I'm leaving it.
WE JUST GOTTA BUNT FROM NOW ON
Zobs with the power.
Fuck your no hitter. Zobrist don't give a fuck.
#ZOBRIST MY MAN
ðŸ˜ŽðŸ˜ŽðŸ˜ŽðŸ˜ŽðŸ˜Ž
Let's get something going now 
Z!!!! Put it where they ain't!
Ah yes the MLB the Show strategy! Bunt with everyone lol
Javybomb?
Nice face there, Larry
Here we go!
Javy should do the same.
Yay. A hit. 
Ugh, Javy.  That was yours..
Lest you forget about the Javy bat speed
Why aren't we banging it when he hangs it?
It's a hit, and I know I should be happy, but fuck, the only way we can get i...
LEGGO BAEZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Silver lining. It's the top of the 4th and this kid is nearly at 60 pitches. 
It's kind of hilarious that Zob's lead is like four feet. That pickoff move, ...
YEAH BABY!
Javy Javy Javy
BACK TO BACK HITS!
Here we go boys!
Two in a row!
FUCK YEA GO BAEZ LEGGO CUBBIES LETS GET THESE RUNS
YESSSSSSS!
OH MY FUCKING GOD ONE DROPPED IN
Javy showed up to play. 
Sooooo many 0-2 counts 
2 on, no outs.

Let's go Contreras.
#DERR WE FOCKING GO BOYZ
My coach in ootp is called John Focker and he coaches the cubs, and for a spl...
Back to back hits?!
#FOR THE LOVE OF GOD SCORE
#Back-to-back H
LET'S GO!!
Fucking finally.
WAKEY WAKEY
BATS !! 
Ahahaha, finally a fucking drop!  
Javy, you so sexi
Moving the chains baby.
WE HIT????

WE HIT!!!!
Is this the inning? Are we going to get one?
SCORE SOME FUCKING RUNS HERE YOU CAN DO IT GUYS
Bae-ez 
If the Cubs win this series, I will name my first born son Javier. 
plot twist: you only have girls.
Javiera
that's pretty!
aw chya
Ok, here we go!
#I BELIEVE 
Looks like the gods were pleased by my fellatio
get back on your knees pls
Who did you suck off?
BABIP gods
This is how you're supposed to play
whatever i takes. LETS GO
My man Baez just finding a way again!
HOLY SHIT A BASE HIT!!!!
YEAH BOYS LET'S GET SOME FUCKING RUUUUUUUUUUUNS
Way to go Javy!
that's it baby our offense is waking the fuck up i love it
Man, call me crazy, but I'd have Willson try to bunt for a hit now too.
BASE HITS BABY
THERE WE FUCKING GO BABY. 

WE FIGHT, WE DONT GIVE UP, AND WE WILL NOT BE SIL...
That'll work! That'll work! That'll work!
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
JAVY!!!!!!! BACK TO BACK!!! LETS KEEP EM GOING BOYS!!!
Silly babip, we got your number now.
YES! BACK TO BACK HITS
two straight hits! We are back!
Javy you beautiful man
Now's the time! 
We need you willy
I'm enjoying this inning more than some of the previous ones
big if true
#Here we go Cubbies! <CLAP!><CLAP!> Here we Go!
Time for some full penetration.
Small ball... Hell I'll take it
MVP Javi Baez
That one hurt, but I'm sure Javy will take it!
I LIKE WHERE THIS IS GOING
OK. Let's get some fucking runs.
STOP WITH THE CUTE SHIT CONTRERAS AND JUST FUCKING SWING
Get this party started!!
Willson going to come through... I just know it, he has to.
Alright rest of you fuckers in the lineup! Don't let us down!
This is the start of something
Wtf was up with that shot of Kris...haha.
Things have gotten much better since I muted the game.
Jesus Christ Buck shut the ever living fuck up with your busting on the Cubs....
WE GOT A RUN!!!!!!!!
Fucking told you!
WE ARE GOOD
WILLSON I FUCKING LOVE YOU!!!!!!
OH MY GOD A RUN! YES
Wilson you beautiful bastard.
FUCK YES 
Can't believe zob went there
AAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!!  WE ACTUALLY SCORED!!!!  DRY SPELL OVER!!!
Apparently I have magic lips
Man we needed that!

Get some more fellas!!!!
That was some solid contact: 111mph off the bat (when adding Baez' and Zobris...
I CALLED ITERAS
LEEETTTTSSSS GOOOOOOOO..BACK ON TRACK
YES!! MORE!!
Oh fucking yes 
Blood. First blood. 
That was an incredibly stupid go signal, and I can't bellieve it worked out. ...
SMALL BALL LETS GO THATS THE CUBS WE KNOW
terrible fucking send but hooooooly shit thank God for that throw. 
Wwwwwiiiiiilllllllssssooooooonnnnnn!!!!
What a terrible send and an even worse throw 
Whoooo, baseball is fun again!
Fuck yes!!! 
Please god, Heyward, GET YOUR GROOVE BACK!
2 2 strike hits! We baaaaackk
CUBS ARE BACK! 
LETS GO CUBBIES!!!!
wow. Look what we can do.
THANK YOU LORD FOR BAD THROWS TO HOME PLATE!!!!!
my god.
We scored 
THATS HOW WE DO IT. 
Thank god for that shit throw, zob was out by a mile.
That was a terrible send
OH HELLO AGAIN NICE TO SEE YOU 
please get these two runs in
Fucking finally! 
We fucking did it!!!!!!!
Shut out streak over!!!! Now let's win the f*cking game!!!-
Thank God for Wilson
Wow, nice throw! 
#HEREWEGO!
Fuck yeah!! I'll take it all.
THE WEIGHT HAS BEEN LIFTED!!!
That send scared the hell out of me, but it worked out!
lets be real that was kind of a shitty send, haha at least it paid off.
:D
what a shit throw lol
Baez and Contreras. Lets fucking GO! Move them up godamn IT!
THEY DID IT! HELL YEAH CONTRERAS!!
In your hole, Joe Buck 
Please be the opening of the floodgates.
LETS ADD SOME MORE!!!
So smoltz thinks hes a better manager than maddon huh lol
WILLSON I'M A GUY BUT PLEASE HAVE MY BABIES.  
What a godawful send lol
TOLES FUCKED UP FINALLY
Fuck yeah! We got a run!!!!!
Two outfield throws have changed this game.
#SPREADITON
Im on tears, feels great to scoreeee !!!!!
WE SCORED A POINT
Small Ball Run!! Amazing! Keep it up fuckers
How fucking soul destroying would that have been if the throw was on-line?  
...
i was clenched as f as benzo rounded 3rd
Ok, just gotta get these 2 home now
Guys, how good did that run feel?
Like an ice cold beer after a long day at work and I mean a really long, bad ...
FUCK YEAH!!
#THE BEAST HAS AWOKE  BITCHES
Please, please fucking get a single JHey.
Heyward homer?
Come on JHey!
I feel refreshed
Come on Jay, I need it!
LEGGOOOOOOOO
SQUEEZE TIME
I need to step away to get dinner more, apparently that's when we score. 
Go buy more diner 
Leaving now. 
I will pay pal you 5 dolla to keep on driving 
Fund my cross-country drive throughout the rest of the series. 
Time to start a gofundme
Thank god
#TIME TO WAKE UP!!!!
Fuck a homer. A Heyward RBI here and I'll shotgun a beer
I'm in.
Come on Heyward. Smart at bat 
boy he better bunt
Boo for Pedro
please no pedro baez
I HAVE DISSECTION TOMORROW MORNING PLEASE NO PEDRO
Ugh. P. Baez is warming up. Cue longest time between pitches ever....
let that be a lesson to everyone.  No one pitches 30 scoreless innings agains...
Update: My Asian wife just noticed UrÃ­as for the first time and watched some ...
Lol, but Urias is from Mexico
Which is strange. There *has* to be some ethnic heritage from Asia somewhere ...
For sure, he definitely has the look
RBI
DIE SCORELESS STREAK 
Crooked number!!!!
liiiitle bit wide. just a little. 
nice
went to get a delivery right after the run, what'd i miss?
WELL I SURE AS SHIT DIDN'T MISS ANOTHER RUN BABY FUCK YEAH
Fuck it, I'll take it.
I will take any and all runs!
I'll take it !
Heyward with the RIBBIE! OMFG!
Shotgun time /u/Jimothy_Leary 
IT'S A PRODUCTIVE OUT YAAAAAY
and i'll definitely take that
RBI, all that matters
Phew. I'll take it.
Hey a groundout to second not a bad thing there!!
While it wasn't a hit J-Hey... I'll take it!
Finally he grounds out to second when it matters 
OKAY. 
Hey hey there we go. 
A run holy shit 
Finally, that rollover to the right side pays off!
Buhhhhh FUCK IT WE'LL TAKE IT
YES!!! WE'LL TAKE IT
FUCK A SCORING DROUGHT
I'll take it, J-Hey
Weeeeee'reee Baaaaaaaaack
Productive outs!
Jason :)
YOU DID GOOD HEYWARD!
FEAST OR FAMINE
Urias going Chernobyl?
FUCK YES
I'LL TAKE IT
#I LOVE YOU GUYS AND I LOVE THE CUBS
Lackey suicide squeeze? Edit: nvm it's Addy
Only if Addi gets on.
heyward!!!!!!
Anybody else think a safety squeeze is a good call here?

Edit: ignore me
Come on Addi. Time to come back to form. We know what you're capable of!
Addi, BREAK THE SLUMP!
Hee go Addi, just a little more on top of your last one!
yay! they finally showed a replay of that pick off. Didn't see it since I was...
Amped
THANK YOU JHEY. 
I still want a squeeze bunt

edit: nvm, home run works too
This Giants fan is ECSTATIC!!!
RUSSELLLLLLLLLL BABBYYYYYYYYY
And the kid comes through!!!!
ADDI!!!!
HAHA FUCK THE NARRATIVE!
I TOLD U I FELT IT IN MY BALLS
2007 JD Drew = 2016 Heyward?
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO
ADDI I LOVE YOU AGAIN
Adddddddddy FUCKIN RUSSSSSSSSSELLL
DOOR'S OPEN BOYS!!
I believe in you Russell :')
FUCK YEAH ADDI BABY!!!!!!
MOTHERFUCKING ADDISON RUSSEL!!!
DADDI IS CLUTCH AGAIN
YASSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!
I just cant stand heyward not  hitting fastballs , he made contact because it...
OMG ADDY!!!!
FUCKING A-YO!!!  ADDI!!!!!

HERE WE GO BOYS AND GIRLS!!!
LETS FUCKING GO
GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

AAAADDDDDDDDDDDDDIIIIIIII
GUYS
Cubbies coming to life!
ADDISON MUSCLE
FUCK YOUR SLUMP!!!!!!!  WAY TO GO ADDI!!!!!!
ATTA BOT
FUCK YE BUD
AR!!!!!!!
#HE DID THE THING 
LETS GOOOOO RUSSEELLLLLLLL!!!!
Fucking yes! Fucking finally!
Addi fucking yes!!!
Somebodies offense woke up....
#ADDIPOWER
#YES
Yeah I'm cryin. Whateva
#ONE MORE
ADDI DADDY PLS
#THAT FEELS GOOD
RUSSELLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LETS GO
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAGHHHHH
# LET'S FUCKING GO!
WE'RE BACK BABY!!!
#RUSSELL IS BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Happy happy happy
Well I'll be fucked. Rusty did it.
ADDISON FUCKING ADDI ADDI ADDI ADDI LETS FUCKING GO I KNEW IT WAS IN YOU IT A...
WE KNOW HOW TO HIT A HOME RUN!!!!!!
YES!!!!! ADDI !!!!!! FINALLY 
THESE ARE OUR BOYS LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO
#I CAN ONLY GET SO ERECT 
Addi Muscle baby
LOUD EXULTATIONS!
WE ARE ALIVE EVERYONE 
I'M OFF THE ADDIIIIIIIIII
RUSSLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
I love how people criticize the offense for not manufacturing runs and moving...
LOOKS LIKE WE REMEMBERED HOW TO PLAY BASEBALL FELLAS. 
#BINGOADDIKIDWAYTOFUCKINGGOKIDFUCKYEAH!
Adddy is back
So glad they decided to play past 3 innings tonight
 FUCK A SLUMP!!
ADDI I BELIEVED IN YOU!!! ALWAYS!!!! 
ADDI!!!!!!!!! FUCK YES

I'm so happy for him!!
Adddyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!
Addi, I missed you!
What is this crap?
Russell!!! 4-0!!!!!!

Now keep it going!!!!!!!!!!!!!
AAAAHHHHHH
FUCK HATERS
Finally guys, time to fucking wake up. LET'S FUCKING DO THIS!
SHOW EM WHAT IT IS RUSSLE! COMON NOW!
Russel!!!
FUCKKK YESSSSSSS

this changes the series
THE MUSCLE IS BACK!!
That's so important for us. Not only on the scoreboard but to get the monkey ...
ADDI BABY
ADDY FUCKING RUSSELL
ADDY!!!!!  HE'S BEEN AWOKEN!!!!
#AAAADDDDIIIII
I like this. This is good.
Addddy!!!
I can only get so erect! 
#LETS FUCKING GO !!! 
Dodger stadium can't hold in 2 separate Russell blasts!!!
HELL YEAH CUBBIES!
CUBS
let's fucking go
Clutch Russel is back!!!!
LETS GOOOOOO
DICKSOUTBOYS! THATA BOY ADDI!!!!!
GIMME DAT
There we go baby!  Peddle to the metal fuck these guys up. 
Pederson looks like he often runs into walls
So I'm watching the rest of the FS1 broadcast on mute then I guess. Greatest ...
Fuckin nice! Two more and I'll have to pour some more Malort to match shots f...
Let's keep going friends
#ITS LIT FAMMMM
Ladies and Gentleman we are back. This is exactly what we needed
More than I expected this inning. LET'S FUCKING GO!
Boo for Pedro 
This is more than I hoped for. 
Addi deserved that. Way to keep playing kid. Never Quit!
Give Urias another shot or two

LET'S GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YOUDONTWANTNOPROBLEMWANTNOPROBLEMWITHME
Bats showed up, guys!
#WELCOME BACK ADDI!!!!
20 year old. 
And He gone. Bring on Baez.
Commercials playing while game info is on the right is so fucking weird to me.
keeps you engaged and keeps your eyes on the tv though
Weird, but nice. 
The Cubs offense last 23 innings: **5**000000000000000000000**4**

Put on my Rizzo shirt for this inning.  Wasn't wearing it last 2 games.  I'm ...
I GOT MY JERSEY ON AND THIS STARTED.  I'M WEARING IT TO WORK TOMORROW AND MY ...
I'M READY LET'S DO IT
Let see close this shit out now, shout out to benzo that bunt was a huge 
My favorite people (you know who) our patience and faith is rewarded!

Also l...
Don't stop now. Put the foot on the pedal. 
Go Cubs!!
Hell yes!!!!  The Cubs are awake from early hibernation.  Hide yo kids fam!!
Okay everyone remember exactly where you are and what you're doing right now. 
But I'm watching on my tablet at work... I can't go home?
Ok we still have a heartbeat
Lord not fucking Baez pitching...
How can he see out his left eye
...that was quick.     
Time to trash the bullpen! 
[Rally time!](http://mlb.mlb.com/images/6/9/2/134172692/070115_chc_rizzo_magi...
SUDDENLY: PEDRO BAEZ
and we back
I would like to point out that I voted that Urias woild get "Shelled" on the ...
now this is a good AB by dexter
Addition Russel is my favorite Cub.
How we feeling tonight /u/cragcrag? Is it 3 am there?
3:45am. I feel GOOD.  
How you feeling?
Much better now :) Smiling ear to ear.
MOAR HITS!!
"That 20 year old." DRINK
BATS WOKE UP
finally finding the gaps.
#GOOD STUFF
[Pedro Baez got me like..](https://youtu.be/5KhsH4zRAU8?t=190)
This is wonderful 
Funny how much a run can change the momentum so much for this team. Good stuf...
Great at bat there Dex 
LETS GO BRYANT!! KEEP THE TRAIN MOVING. 
I guess that inning will do 
We 'dem boys
Heart of their order coming up, SHUT EM DOWN!
Not gonna lie, I got half a chub from that inning. 
that'd have been a beauty if he got it. Buuut he didn't. Darn. 
[Recommended viewing for later.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0435724/?ref_=tt...
RIP Richard :(
3ðŸ‘†3ðŸ‘‡
Lackey in beast mode.
#K
Plz get thrown out. Lol.
Sit down. Toss him.
sit the fuck down turner
nice strikeout tho
Lackey showing his veteran playoff savvy here.  He's sped up how fast he norm...
Throw him out!
[A working link this time](https://imgur.com/gallery/tXFQw)
#K
[I wasn't sure what the 4 meant, till now](https://imgur.com/gallery/gA14V) 
I don't think he liked that call a whole lot. 
He said, "You gotta be kidding me!", nope sit down hippie
for once i like Angel Hernandez 
How hot Joe?
Yes, this is perfect. Get upset and lose your composure, you Hollywood fucks.
HEY TURNER IF WE HAVE TO DEAL W HERNANDEZ'S SHITTINESS THEN SO DO YOU 
Pheweeee
What a good actor. 
Justin "Steve McMichael" Turner
That's a strike Turner. We know your used to a nonexistent zone. Not anymore ...
toss his ass!
OH SHIT IT'S TRIPLEH
They're getting a lot of shot to the warning track...that makes me nervous
Weasley looks a little Peeved
This is shaping into the ideal bottom 4th
Ref kinda really sucks both ways
CI again :(
wut
Not again. Come on Willson - fix that shit.
see grandal, willson can frame some strikwes too 
I wish Lackey could have a mic on like they do with NFL players.
Gettin kinda tired of this catcher interference stuff
Willy's gotta stop doing that
It's a ball but you have to protect on 2 strikes. Lackey should get that call...
Alright one out that's all we need. We got this. 
dont guys... just dont 
Second time this series, Conty.
Zach Ginger-fanakis is still steaming about that close 3rd strike call...
give it to the Pen after this inning
if he gets the out here. they are at the bottom of the order so might as well...
Hidden ball trick lol
blooper...
I'm gonna go out on a limb and say that's not the exact thought Lackey was th...
Pretty sure lackey just said
"lets just fuckin go"
Do we go to Monty? Or give Lackey one more AB to escape?
huh. talk about a delayed reaction.   
eh....lowish, but not out of what's be...
Tapping Contreras or threatening Contreras? He looked a little upset after th...
A little of column A and a little of column B?
Fuck
SAY WHAT HAPPENS GOD DAMN IT THIS IS SCARING ME
Me too. Idk if my stream is lagging. Lol
they showed another cialis ad
Boz the real MVP
Adrian Gonzalez's flow is pretty amazing
Phew
Good blocking Willson
That was one of his question marks coming up too, blocking and calling
YOURE FUCKING OUT
Lackey is going Full Fucking Lackey tonight. I love this shit. 
LET'S FUCKING GO BOYYYYSSSSS. IM HYPE
This is exactly why we signed lackey dude can bring it in big games when you ...
What's that I hear? An alarm??
Time for Rizzo to wake up???

Ball 1 for Rizzo.  Good sign already. 
Somehow the MLB AtBat audio stream is slightly ahead of the FS1 video feed to...
baez is tweaking?
Can't wait for Baez v. Baez, but at the rate of this pitch count rate, I don'...
God fucking damn so close
Rizzo has remembered to use his eyes in his at-bats this game. It's nice to see 
JUST CALL IT FAIR
Awwwwww got me thinking Rizzo was also dramatically breaking out of his slump...
Damn. Just foul.
So close sooooo close.
Damn Rizz.... So close again
so close!
So close!
SO CLOSE RIZZOO
Rizzo needed that HR. 
Is Larry King shrinking as the game goes on, or is it just me?
My heart....
I think Lackey just spit out a tooth.
Damnit. So close Rizzo.
GAH just let Rizzy get a hit!
Holy fuck what a rip SO CLOSE ughhhh
:(
If they can show like 5 replays between pitches, you pitch too slow. 
Sooooo close. Nice damn swing there. 
That would have been perfect. 
Pedro Baez is the human equivalent of a traffic jam.
dang just missed it
That was hardest ball Riz hit all playoffs.
Addi then Anthony snapping out with HRs right after each other would have mad...
[deleted]
lol everyone hates this ump
RIZZO RIZZO
#THERE WE FUCKING GO
Rizzo boom
THAT'LL DO RIZZO
That's more like it. 
Rizzo's all respect, I like it.
FUCKING YES RIZZO!!!!
SO CLOSE RIZZO
HELL YEAH RIZZO!
RIZZO!!!!!!! FINALLY!!!
RIZZO AND RUSSELL!!!!!
THE BATS AND RUNS ARE BACK
SORRY, BUT THATS GONE!!!
No doubt about that one!
YYYAAAAAASSSSSS
THE WHEELS ARE SPINNING ON THE OFFENSE!!!! RIZZO BOMB!!!!
Hernandez doing Hernandez things.
HE'S BACK BABY
THE DINGERS MASON, WHEN WILL THEY STOP?
OPEN IT UP BOYS 
BEAUTIFUL!!!
Zobrist* BACK TO BACK HOME RUNS LETS GOOOOOO
#THERE IT IZ!!!!! 
IF IT'S FAIR IT'S GONE AND I SEE A FOUL POLE!
This is the game I've been dreaming about!
THERE IT IS! FINALLY!
WHEN IT RAIN IT POURS!!!!
bruhhhhhhhhhhhhhngggggg
WHERE WERE YOU WHEN THE OFFENSE HAD SOME COFFEE
When did the Reds get into this series?
NOOOOO MY CABLE FUCKING STOPPED THAT EXACT SECOND
Rizzz-oh yeah!
FUCK YES ANTHONY!
Never mind, I don't mind if he pitches this slow if it lets us get some ding-...
MAKE IT RAIN.
It would help that whole drought thing Cali is in the midst of.
nothing even matters right now, I'm so happy for Rizzo I could streak down th...
Got damn, that was the first out
On the one hand, we were killing P. Baez. On the other hand, I have to wake u...
How early? I have to get up at 3:30 am. It's currently 10:17. But GO CUBS!
Not that early! Hahaha, abot 5am!
Lackey... throw a strike.
ughhhhh JOHN get it together
Uh-oh.
Lackey, this is literally the only thing you couldn't do. 
lackey. 
Come on lackey.......
Get this guy out please....
Do you ever dream about a Cubs victory?  Because I do every night. 
THROW STIKES
STIKES!!!!
ONE MORE STRIKE LETS GOOOOO
Whelp. Butt clenched. 
Damnit...
Here's an idea... Throw strikes
need to get Lackey out
fuuuuuck
Sphincter tightening.
Alright, let's keep calm. We got this. One bad inning, if it happens, won't b...
come on man you're better than that
LET'S FUCKING GET IT TOGETHER, JOHN!
bye lackey
That needs to be all for Lackey.
Good Job lackey, got the job done!
Whatever, I don't care if those 2 score. Just no more damage. 
Clearly isn't feeling anymore, tough call but probably had to let him face th...
I think we should have kept him in. For some reason I have the confidence he ...
I BELIEVE IN MONTY. IN JOE WE TRUST
FUCK NVM. PUT IN CJ
why doesn't joe have any trust in his starters? i don't think a single one of...
He has a decent bullpen and there's no reason to tire out your starters if yo...
It's off of memory, but I seem to recall there being a fair amount of our los...
GOTTA PLAY IT SAFE BRO
playoff baseball, man
Triple play time.
They trying to rest Lackey?
Still want that DP Mike
Triple play time. But i'll settle for a double play.
Not like this.
Fucking hell. Please limit the damage.
I would be scared to take Lackey out out I were Joe
Hold me
Hm, this is not ideal exactly.
Wellllllllllllllllll sheeeeeeeeeeit
please god no. I cant take it.
i dont like this game anymore
Ugh...
GOD DAMNIT MY NERVES
oh god starting to clench again
Mother fucker. Can we not?
No need to panic yet we got this
Well let's hold em off boys. 
Crunch time.
https://m.popkey.co/9e7d26/r6Gml.gif
We need to limit damage here. Big time. Two runs max
My butt is clenched so hard that I will shit diamonds!
Come on guys
Throw.

A.

Strike.
Double play right here please 
Let's go Mike!!! Get it done!
Oh mama. Let's limit the damage here.
CMON LETS GO 
F me up fam
My heart can't take this shit.
Come on Mike!
Definitely think he should've left Lackey in. I think Joe gets a little too c...
Based on the seven base runners he allowed in 18 batters faced? Lackey cannot...
With a 5 run lead idk, just mitigate damage.  I'm ok with it, with Lester goi...
Yeah I'd be ok with then swinging out of their shoes like that lol.
WE NEED SOME DP UP IN HERE
huge k here for montgomery
Strike and and a double play let's go Montgomery
Come on Monty...
Why would he bring in CJ though when Turner has reverse splits?
Hands-helmet and MalÃ¶rt, give me the strength to survive this inning.
Pop up(or k), then double play. I believe 
Maddon must be the most hydrated guy on the planet
#K
YES!
I love you Monty
Fucking right Monty! 
1 down! Keep it up Mike!
Dat pitch tho.
They have to throw strikes, like the only thing you have to do is throw a fir...
DOUBLE PLAY TIME
YES!
#YUUUUUGE K
i hate seeing larry king so old he can't even stand up :(
Keep Monty in.  He's feeling it.
SGO
What a MASSIVE out
If we get out of this inning unscathed, I will definitely drink a beer 
You want to get a bit...*hoppy?*

I have no idea where I'm going with that.
Dont need double plays if you've got K's!
Seager is a very scary hitter
FUCKING DIRTY
Now for some sweet sweet DP to end the inning 
DP DP DP DP DP
Nice K, now Mike's going to roll him up here.
Weird splits on Turner. He's like an honorary left-hander among all the other...
.... wtf monty?
lol
Just our fucking luck damn it.  Shake it off.
FUCK
Wtf man
holy moly what terrible luck
Sumbitch
What a fuck up. 
Jesus fuck 
FUCK YOU LA YOU LUCKY FUCKS FUCK YOU FUCK YOU
Monty just fucked up our DP. Way to go.
Why Mike why.
What the fuck?
Gods I can't watch.
E1?
GOD FUCKING DAMMIT
That's baseball 101 Montgomery. It's a double play. 
Fuck, error all over that
Well that looked stupid 
FUCK
Oof, that was unfortunate.
Shit Mike! Keep your glove down!
That was hard to watch
*Not like this*
Are you fucking kidding me

Whelp. don't give them any more.
holy shit that was so fucking easy FUCK
Got the DP still in order, we're up and our bats are alive. It's ok guys 
that was bullshit
That's just unlucky, honestly.
If we didn't have bad luck we'd have none at all 
of course 
okay you need one more out

chowing down on lentils...
> lentils

disgusting
Californians. They're ...weird.
Why not attempt the DP? Looked like he had that option.
Because by looking at the runner instead, he prevented a score.
I would like one out please. 
for the love of god, please limit the damage to 2
Let the defense make that play. Christ, Mike. C'mon. 
Well, damn.

So, my flair isn't showing up. How does everyone else do it?
Cue Castro gif
fuck me. Russel still throws it in the dirt...
Carl
Strop
Hector
Chapman

let's do it
Hector scares me
same, Id almost rather prefer wood or two innings of string bean
Starlin Castro gif
let's get some more RUNS here
Welp, two is not bad.
Montgomery did some great pitching in that inning, y'all.
Cool. Three run lead going into the 6th.

Good place to be in!
Tough break, but good job there by Mike!
could have been a lot worse lets get some more bats here 
NEED  
MORE  
RUNS
Is montgomery good
Really gotta be happy only giving up 2 there.
You ok you ok. You fine. 
IS LARRY KING DEAD?
The BABIP gods giveth, the BABIP gods taketh away.
Heyward home run incoming lets goooo
Homerun in a silo
Nice hustle Addi.
addy respecting 90
Way to fucking go Addy
Vroom vroom!
I'll take it.
Let's get em back!!
Hell yeah Addi!
The Addi awakens!
WAY TO FUCKING HUSTLE ADDI
Fuck yeah errors
Addi! Get it
Dat hustle
ADDI HUSTLE!!!
oh come on take out Monty
RUSSELL WITH THE LITTLE LEAGUE DOUB>E
That was a god awful throw. 
Thanks for the extra base!
Single up the middle lets get a run back here.
Anyone got insight into the gesture we make after a hit? The fist and open pa...
damn that was sexy
Addy is back
Did anyone of you thought before the season that the Indians were going to be...
I guess I'm happy-ish with that Lackey start. He's our 4th pitcher, so we sho...
Dumb throw. No chance he gets Addy there even with a perfect toss.
Let's get another run!
I think I would have preferred a PH here. 
my lord addi is fast.
I did not expect that
MAGIC MIKE GOT A HIT
Haha MONTY!!
Reliever hitting
Why not ph.   Gah.  Well ok. 
That a boy montgomery 
Thank God Addison has finally gotten that slump broken. 
FUCK THE DH
FUCK THE DH
#FUCK THE DH
RELIEVERS WHO RAKE
just as planned.
Atta boy Mikey!
Hey hey Monty!
Monty!!!
Cubs Legend Mike Montgomery
Jesus Christ our pitchers rake
Shotgun a beer for the RP hit.
#PITCHERS WHO RAKE, HOLLA!
KEEP IT GOING!!!!
#FUCK THE DH
#FUCK THE DH
fuck the DH!
fuck yeah Montgomery
MONTY!!!!!
Monty with some real shit at the plate to earn the clutch single.
Alright Dex, let's get one of 'em back.
FUCKTHEDH

U

C

K

T

H

E

D

H
dat Monty tho
Perfect little knock right there
##FUCK THE DH##
Looks like we're back to the NLDS shenanigans!
PITCHERS WHO RAKE OPPO
#OH YEAH
GO MONTY GO
MONTY!
Ok Joe. Lol. 
Time for some full penetration.
That's what she said
Squeeze time?
Sexy Dexy
WERE FUCKING BACKKKKKKK
NICE! 
DEX!
scoring runs is a lot more fun than not scoring runs 
There we go. Snatch back that momentum.
It's October, pitcher still have to rake too...
Took my pants off, score a run! 
OH HERRO CUBS!
#S
Fuck the dodgers!!  
#RRRRRRRR
Hell yeah, let's get at least one more!
EYYYY CUBBIES!!!!
#YOU GO WE GO YAAAAASSSSSSSSS
HELLL YEAH. MORE RUNS!!
Guess who's back?
Monty was a steal
Did you guys see Jason Hammell???!!!! 
told you guys we could score some more. Dodgers know their pen is weak
He just went...you know what that means.
C'mon KB! END THIS!
The bats are wide awake now 
BURY THEM
I'll be ded if KB hits a dinger here. 
Holy shit look at the box score. Hits all across the fucking board.
What a sexy box score right there. 
Nice hit be sexy Dexy. And another beer shotgunned. Good thing I 'don't work ...
You're the real hero of this GDT
Break this open KB!
Never. Give. Up.
Well I'm my way to being drunk, but I gotta say... this is my first /r/chicub...
I, too, frequent on r/CHIBears also. But this year has been quite depressing.
That's our secret..

We're all drunk.
*when winning
DEX! I remember this feeling!
Come on KB. Go yard. Big deep yard. 
Still Maeda tomorrow?
Put one on a platter here
Walks KB and LOADS EM UP!
THE DH? NEVER HEARD OF EM

SOUNDS STUPID
Rizzoli Rizzoli!!!
I'll say this for Angel Hernandez's strike zone

It's inconsistent as fuck
Hey guys, they're locked in more than a heatseeking missile!
RIZZO PLZ
Loaded bases guys. Here we go Rizzo!
Rizzo GS. Pls
Haven't been super active here as of late. Great game so far. Miss you all ðŸ˜˜
COME ON RIZZO!!!
Rizzo we need you 
We can break the game wide open here.  
at least a fly ball to the outfield  rizzo
#INB4 RIZZO SALAMI 
Looking for some.... #Rizzo Redemption!
LET'S GO RIZZO!
PUT EM IN THE DIRT
Guys, we look normal now! 
OH GOD RIZZO IS UP TO BAT WITH THE BASES LOADED.,

THE CUB FAN IN ME LOVES TH...
It wouldn't bother me if Rizzo hit a slam here
Also the pace of the Dodgers pitchers is really ticking me off...
I will take a sacrifice rbi here 
COMON RIZZ
I want that bear mask. 
#ANTHONY RIZZO
There we fucking go!
RIZZO YOU SEXY BEAST
RIZZO!!!
That ball was smoked! 
RUNS RUNS RUNS
I think Rizzo might be on a roll
This is the Rizzo I've been waiting for
#RIZZO. IS. BACK.
love you rizzo love you rizzooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
You're my favorite, Anthony. =)
Fuck yeah buddy!
HE'S BACK, BABY
MUTHA FUKIN RIZZO!!! 
FUCKING FUCK YEAH
TONY!
LETS GOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
Perfect response by the Cubs here
FUCK YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Let's take those 2 back tyvm!!
WELCOME BACK RIZZO!
POUR!  IT!  OOONNNN!
AND WE BACK
[RIZZO](/#WeAreGood)
Woah angel what you doing bruh
OH YASSSS.
I love this team.
ooooohhhhhh yyyeeeeaaaahhhh
"The Rizzo Game"
I think he's back :)
ANTHONY VINCENT!!'
hahahaha what the hell blue almost crashed into the runner
I love baseball.
BASEBALL IS FUN AGAIN
WARM BATS! 
Rizzo Ocelot hand gesture.
I love it. This is the kind of game and response we needed 1-8! Lets go cubs!!
Rizzo has (finally) arrived int he post-season. LETS.FUCKING. GO.
Ump almost got run over.
flatten the ump while you're at it. 
THIS BUTTHOLE CLENCH IS 100% CONFIRMED TO BE ONE OF EXCITEMENT
Throw in Kyle
So I'd ask hey why doesn't everyone use Sczur's bat but you know let's just s...
If I were in Greektown....
Safe by a mile. He'll be called out 
So safe
As safe as safe can be on that one.
SAFEEEEE!!
Fuck you Gonzales he's safe
Now THAT is a definitive safe
Of course you think he's out joe buck.... Smh.
That's so safe
Safe by a light year
If they pitch Kershaw tomorrow, that is kind of going all in. If we beat Kers...
Bases loaded boys
WOOP, LOADED
Absolutely safe
SAFE
CHOKE ON THIS - RIZZO
HES SAFEEEEEEEEEEEE
SAFEEEEEE ZOB WIT THE HUSTLE
THAT'S SAFE fuck off announcers. 
Can anyone lend me a knuckle sandwich that i can lend to GRANDAL'S STUPID FAC...
Did it look like he was out Joe? Did it?
If I was Zobrist I'd pretend I was running away from my wife's singing 
Have you heard the new cover? "Benny and the Jets...away from his marriage"
Go, Zo!
safe!
I think the cubbies found their offense
SAFE. let's go Javy. We don't need it to leave the planet. Just need a smart ...
I'll take a double please.  I'd like to really clear the bases.
And  did Joe Buck say "he looked like he was clearly out"


Baez put another brick in the wall!
Actually only "benefited once" since the first one would have been out withou...
Someone get Joe and John a couple Dodgers hats already
If Baez hits a granny here I might actually die
baez unleash the fury
So is the sky still falling?
I promised that I would create a new username if the Cubs won. I have created...
If Javy slams, I'll shotgun an Old Style
I feel a triple here by Javy.
If they say leg kick, I swear to god
No the replays made it look inconclusive Joe.
Zobrist is a little speedier than I thought for an old man.
The power of christ propels him.
u/mawfuggajones that qualify?
if baez gets a grand slam I will do whatever anyone asks
#the ball gets away! rbi times two!!!!!
2 runs mother fuckers double digits
Fuck yes.

TWO MORE TWO MORE!!!!
hey that works
SNOWBALL FIGHT!!!

Hot damn I'll take it!!!
Benny Hill routine!! Cubs scoreeee
Does Baez get rbis for that?
Lol
Dodgers are cracking.
Love it.

Cue the 'Benny Hill' theme.
\#Justdodgersthings
gift of an extra run
Holy Shit Rizz
YEAH BABY

This is why you stay positive. The GDT was terrible yesterday.
OH HO HO YES. BEAUTIFUL!
Holy crap, we're getting lucky af
LMFAO so is that two errors? Hahahahahahah
#RUNS AND  BATS AND RUNS AND BATS AND RUNS AND BATS!! 
This is just beautiful 
What is even happening lmao
This is wild.
Baez magic once again 
God damn
#MY GOODNESS
This ladies and gentleman, is now a BLOWOUT.
#YES!
Ahahahaha!  That was some great comedy!
Lmfao!!!
A Baez sac fly means all runners inherit his running powers!
These throwing errors kill the Dodgers.  



https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZnHmskwqCCQ
what is this, monkey in the middle?
Lovin this.
Save some for tomorrow!
#Hey Now
I like offense!
THANK  GOD FOR THE SHITTY LA DEFENSE TONIGHT 
This is turning into some cartoon baseball
Is Contreras doing the zobrist? 
Grandal does not rhyme with "handle" and now you know why.
FUCK YEA
It's fun to be able to score runs 
Cubs using no lube.
Well, well, well! :)
That's all on Grandal, right? Wasn't looking on either ball thrown to him.
Oh....how the turn tables....how....ugh.

I blacked out from I think....joy?

all I know is that I am erect
Prove you are erect
Please don't OP
annnd it's gone

I get stage fright 
I like these innings
That's my kinda inning

That was an awesome inning.
Half an hour for half an inning. Seems fitting.
Can we all agree that this baseball game is probably going to push over 4 hours
Holy shit, I've gotta work in the morning. Thanks for reminding me. 
Where did everything go so right?
My take, Lackey taking Baez's head off for his error in the 1st.  Then the pi...
I told all of my coworkers that I hope Lackey hates everybody in a special wa...
Reminds me of game two in the division series against the Cards last year. We...
[deleted]
Seeing an upset Joc Pederson really feeds the soul for some reason. For some ...
dat hair, for starters
Is it that his name is "Joc"?
The Dodgers are fucking melting down.
Mr. Bearded Chevy guy needs to go away.
I needed this. WE needed this. Go Cubs Go!
awwwwwww
Russell is officially #woke
I feel like its gonna get sunny out there :)
I hate larger parks 
lmao
For tomorrow's lineup, Maddon should bench Heyward and play  Contreras in RF ...
That's it baby. One pitch, one out. Edwards is the man. We got this.  
Use Carl and maybe Rondon and save the lefties for tomorrow
MARY HART RESIGNS HERSELF TO THE INEVITABLE AND RETURNS
Larry left?   
Ha. Larry left. When'd that happen? 
shit that was just straight filthy in that at-bat. i likey, Coral
Just calm down and get this last out.
I think if Angel Hernandez had a Chicago athlete power rankings, you can safe...
The announcers are slightly more bearable when the Cubs are winning.  Weird. 
Awwww
Why does Joe Buck get so much hate? Honest question. I have never had an issu...
My main issue with him is his uninformed comments. I don't have any specific ...
This game alone he's doing a pretty good job of showing he's a moron.  His fa...
His obvious bias against the Cubs. You could hear him get sad when Adrian Gon...
He's a Cardinals fan 
He's better at football, but he's mostly just been really bad with injecting ...
GOD BLESS!!!
Petey, are you fully on the Cubs bandwagon yet?
Having never played can you guys explain why a guy who plays left(Zobrist or ...
For the most part it is the same. Generally, you want your RF to have a bette...
They could. Ben has played some RF this year.
I guess if the offense is this locked in you'd give up Wilson's bat for Jayso...
right needs stronger arm to prevent triples
"Pitcher's batting in the 4th position"

Holy shit Dodgers
Do we go strop in the 8th and rondon in the 9th? 
I can see keeping Travis out there for as long as they can. With an 8 run lea...
I'd let Wood pitch the 8th, then let Rondon go in the 9th.

But I don't get p...
no way, might need them tomorrow
wouldn't be surprised to see Z in the 8th
Whoof KB trying to take part in the offense with that swing
I gotta say that must have been a depressing seventh inning stretch a while a...
Been a lot of...*wood* on the mound lately eh?
Bunt it down the third base line, Rizzo
I miss The Emperor
his bat lives on in Rizzo's hands
HE'S BACK!
Da Rizz sez: "fuck yo BABIP"
RIZZO STAGES SEIZURE OF SZCZUR BAT AND GIVES DODGERS FANS SEIZURES
The BABIP is correcting itself tonight.
Jesus man, I'm not complaining, but what's up with the Dodgers tonight. They'...
Rizzo having goat for dinner tonight! 
BENZO
This is so damn good to see.
ATTABOY TONY!!!
Rizzo is on fire.  Got to save some hits for tomorrow!
We just now made up for the runs we didn't get in the last two shutouts. 
Great catch
Damn, great catch
Bah, that ball almost got thrown away, but it hit KB, heh.
If I were to be greedy in terms of players I want to get momentum going...to ...
STROP TIME, HOLD ON TO YOUR BUTTS
Hang on

^hanging ^on
If anyone wants to consider sending me back to Florida here's what happened(n...
I don't know what I'm reading.
The list of reasons why me being drunk or in Florida aid the Cubs :/
Ohhhh! 

Dude you gotta hit enter two times to put things on a new line.
Mobile is showing it how I want it ://
Weird... I'm on mobile too. Maybe it's just my end. :/
Maybe the Cubs are just playing so well no one can see straight :///
Was that Gary Sinise?
Yep
http://i.imgur.com/JT6UtHS.png
Have you heard the Lt. Dan band it's quite good
No. I will check them out post haste.
Gary sinise started it after the movie to raise awareness/ money for wounded ...
Was that Kutcher? 
I'm more concerned about Grandal's Mother
Kenny gotta be going for the cubs, we grew up in the same place man!
Why they gotta show the bar after everybody left lol
MOAR RUNZ
that's fucking pathetic. same old shit. 
Might have been the cubs only chance tonight.
Yeah, sucks that postseason rules dictate that each team only gets a single t...
dude what the hell are you on about there's a hell of a lot more thand 2 inni...
They had one good chance yesterday in the early innings. One good chance agai...
9 innings in a game not 2.
But how many times will the Cubs actually put 2 runners on. That's the releva...
21
Let's give Urias a reason to open that eye up
Beautiful. 
The guys really need to start swinging at first pitches. 
Lackey leads off the top of the third. I'd actually consider pinch-hitting fo...
A lot of people here prophesied a short leash on Lackey for a long lefty to c...
#HAHAHAHAHA FUCK YOU LA
So fucking tired of replay bullshit in baseball ðŸ˜‘
Im sorry but this is just piss poor. They couldn't hit a fucking beach ball. ...
Get the fuck out cyclops
Off topic due to commercial: does Sprint blow? I have Verizon but might not w...
I had Sprint for a long time. Never really had any issues.
Decent here on the east coast 
Depends are you in an urban area? If so. Sprint is fine. I love my unlimited ...
Verizon is great, but it ain't cheap. I usually have service long after my fr...
Ive used 24 Gb a month though the past three months. So... I can't argue movi...
Depends on where you are.
I'm in the western burbs and it's fine
In Cincinnati it's alright except for in large structures where they all suck...
Sprint sucks. I had it for 2 years and it was terrible. Try to go for Tmobile...
Sprint blows. 
depends where you are. in iowa it is really spotty. 
How's Trump doing?
The moderator is actually letting the candidates speak and go back and forth ...
Looks less Orange for some reason

You're the third person who's said this. Maybe he didn't roll around naked in...
REPORTED 
Not sure I like Montgomery hitting here.
Heh, Monty managed it anyhow!
Do you now?
Hehe
#SHUT IT
I heard that the Dodgers think Jay Cutler is a good quarterback
I think Jay is the best QB on the Bears roster
I was watching the debate. Imagine my surprise when I turn to the game to fin...
Same here, I immediately felt better for our country when I changed channels
I'm a Sox fan and I'm excited. 
cubs shut out two games straight, but lead the series scorecard 18-13. tell m...
21 innings straight didn't convince you?
8 + 10 = 18
What's the best way to listen to the game for free on an iPhone? I am traveli...
I believe the game will be on 670 the score? Maybe? If so you can stream them...
This is gonna be a long game
Short if they keep having ABs like this
Dodgers fans are terrible at their home field. You'd think it was a game in t...
To be fair, it's 5pm there and traffic is terrible. I know with work I couldn...
Just when I want to believe they come out and lay an egg right off the bat
instead we got a doughnut
Haha can't get a hit if we hit you
oh god everyone relax pls.
Lackey is such a freaking spaz
Why wasn't that interference by the runner? His lead leg went straight at Baez.
JAVY YOU BEAUTIFUL MAN

EDIT: NVM IT WAS ADDI
RUSSELL
BAEZ don't flail at something 3-0
Here comes rally killer Heyward, about to hit into a DP.
Making the child work. Fuck the labor laws.
Cubs been reading Oliver Twist.
Please sir. Could I have some runs.
Give him credit for a good, grinding AB at the very least.
UrÃ­as has the facial hair and haircut of a twelve year old boy.
Late and under everything - happens when you've got more windup moving parts ...
Yeah they'll be pitching around Addi. Nothing to drive 
>We need a hero, somebody's gotta step up. This is the guy.

This is the best...
Did that catcher just do the prayer thing before giving a sign? Lol
God, that was the pitch
russell is scared to swing
....what the fuck is Smoltz talking about?
lmao he swings at that WTF RUSSELL
FUCK
Oh no I'm sad again
That was a productive inning no matter what. Wish they'd gotten Lackey's spot...
Seeing that our pitchers had the highest amount of RBIs until Game 1, maybe i...
Fuck off Gonzales
God dammit Wilson 
Bad tag, he's safe
Looks like a tie to me
knowing dodgers fans there may be a riot if this is called safe
Not the first time LA has rioted...
la riots pt 2
called out*
Heyward lobbed that in there
Dont blame the tag blame the heyward throw. If he cant hit or field whats he ...
Can't blame the throw too much...that was just a bad tag
He should have gunned it. That was a bad throw.
#TOLD YOU THEY CANT OVERTURN IT WOOHOO
Shut the fuck up Gonzalez 
Eat shit! Woo hoo! 
Finally a call goes our way.
WE ROBBED THEM A RUN!
Yikes. That's fucking horrible, but okay I'll take it.
Suck a dick gonzo
Thank you based Angel Hernandez?
naw that was on the replay guys in NYC
I bet Gonzales gets tossed before the end of this one
And I thought the blue jays were bad against the Indians at the plate 
This going down with the ship shit madden is doing with Rizzo needs to be sto...
I'm not intending to trash talk, but as a somewhat frequent Cubs-game watcher...
Tune in tonight to find out.

https://i.ytimg.com/vi/9m2jblIjKGk/maxresdefaul...
His firmware needs updating. I have no idea. 
No one knows. Mixture of a slump and pressing to try to get out of a slump, p...
You cursed him. Big meanies.
No one knows... same thing happened last year in the playoffs. Maybe nerves. 
Something is very wrong with Freddie Freeman
Guys, there was a spooky ghost in my room just now.
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/en...
[GUYS, MY SHIRT ARRIVED TODAY!](https://imgur.com/gallery/tXFQw)
I don't see any pic in that link!!
Try it now.
bahaha, I see it now! It's beautiful!! Feel free to repost your comment with ...
That's strange. I'll fix it quick
Yeah, sends me to link, but no image loads.. I am an old Mac OS, but imgur us...
hacking lol
That's when you know you're the Cubs
Pathetic. God dammit. That's the type of shit that ruins your psyche
Oh fuck this, another god damn hit off our pitcher's glove.
oh my god that was a double fucking play montgomery
Monty, dude...
Lackey is fucking pissed and for good reason. We had a double play ball there...
Damnit Montgomery! 
Time to continue putting balls into play and runs on the board.
*ahem* Points. We are calling them points now. 
There is no way Wilson isn't playing tomorrow imo.  
Who sits? Rossy behind the dish, Zobrist/Addi/Baez. 

Baez is in.
Addi can co...
Wonder if Zobrist can play RF.  Bench Heyward.  
He has before, but it's a noticeable defensive downgrade.
With Lester? I'd be shocked if it wasn't Ross. Can't figure out how they'd ge...
Left field. 
And take out Zob, the guy who got us going this game? Don't see it.
J hey 
We'll see what Joe thinks.
Trust in Joe. 
Ross is Lester's catcher
Put him in left. 
Wouldn't mind seeing him in right field
Outfield.  
What a piece of shit Heyward is. 
Rizzo absolutely fucking pathetic. 1/3 of the way through the game and no hit...
22 innings..
How many innings before I can say same shit different game? 
9
9
20
Urias is 20 years old, yes.
Sick glasses bro 
You realize why Urias where's those right?
Nope
Had a tumor removed from behind his eye when he was young or something like t...
I like the kid. Hell I'd love to have him on staff, but tonight. ..fuck him. ...
You realize why Urias where's those right?
Aw fuck, am I an asshole? 

I don't actually know why 
Had a tumor removed from behind his eye when he was young or something like t...
Oh, fuck, I guess I am a piece of shit. I am glad he survived though. Cancer ...
Well you know now ðŸ˜€
Should've been a strikeout, walked him. God fucking dammit
People saying we caught a break are so wrong. The replay clearly shows the ta...
#I SENSE WORLD SERIES RING
Lackey's luck is running out,  shit
This is dumb. Let him pitch out of his own jam. There's a ton of possible sce...
Lackey could come out of the BP. 
I think they skip Jake if it goes to 7
WTF YOU IDIOT
Fucking Alex Gonzalez flashbacks........
I don't get this move

Edit: Jk never doubted you joe!
Buckle up for the 8th :/
Buckle up Buckaroos
Let's fuck them all to death!
#WE CAN ALL AGREE NO MATTER WHAT FUCK ANGEL HERNANDEZ
Haha apparently not. Rizzo has a pleasant conversation with him and now he's ...
His out call on Gonzalez may have changed the trajectory of our season. Stran...
often, but tonight has been pretty pretty pretty good
Eh. He's alright tonight. 
[deleted]
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA FUCK YOU DODGERS!!!
[deleted]
He was clearly losing his command.

We were one misplay of the glove from Mon...
No margin for error, and trust in the pen because LA has so many lefties. We ...
Because he walked the 8 and 9 hitters and was all over the place. 
Because he was bad and couldn't locate.

He allowed 7 baserunners and got 10 ...
something something walking the #8 and #9 batters
Two walks and lacked control?
[deleted]
It's been a whole year since the Cubs came back from a one game  deficit with...
It's more about the melodrama that I think people are annoyed with. Generic "...
I'm all for being upset at the offense but let's at least wait until the seco...
Yep it's only been 19 innings after all. Just gotta wait until it's 22 or so.
jesus fucking Christ it's been 3 fucking batters in game 4 god fucking damnit 
Omg it's only the first half of the first inning. 
Total horseshit. He was safe! 
I wonder how pathetic your life is going to be in a couple weeks when all the...
Looked to me like the glove was bending at the exact same time his fingers we...
Makes up for strike zone being half the size as Dodgers pitchers this series ...
Go troll in /r/baseball 
You'll be around for awhile, Lol
Can not believe Montgomerys lack of awareness there. What an idiot. Fuck 
[deleted]
20 scoreless innings will do that to ya...
Can we just cut Jason Heyward already? I don't care if he's the best defensiv...
I have faith in our hitting coaches in the offseason. They didn't have too mu...
I'd bench him the rest of the postseason, but I think with an offseason to tu...
He's gonna retool in the off season and we'll come back with Schwarbz and a b...
Love this account
Maybe we can get Mike Trout for him?
hey man lick my balls
No
I mean, he's coming back from some injuries
Okay, I'll talk to Theo in the morning
This account is perfect. Never change.

Peep the username, folks.
username checks out
[removed]
How did I not ban you earlier? Goodbye.
But it isn't 
Oh fuck off.
But it's not. So who gives a fuck 
[Welp](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/9f/44/4d/9f444d6dc5d9c350c3d...
Well fuck me sideways
welp
JUST OUR FUCKING LUCK FUCK
Hit his fingers, quit putting your fingers up you Dodgers clowns. 
Fuck you Turner! Contreras with the fire!
oh god heyward dp incoming
Heyward do something for christ sake.
I would like a gif of Lackey getting psychotic earlier. 
good lord how is he not making solid contact
Come on Heyward!
Fuck
No way they give him anything to hit.
Let's do this Addi
Jay-K... Let's go Addi
Need a slump breaker 
Jesus, he swung underneath every ball during that at bat
This is where he gets out of his slump.
Break it open Addison
Please 
You gotta swing at that.
Hayward needs something to go right for him.
He doesn't look like he's seeing the ball well.
Addison has no confidence right now. 
Russell and the rest of the cubs need to execute on that curveball right down...
COME
ON ADDI
Come on Addison - I'll forgive all those other AB's if you just come through ...
Russell looked bad in that AB, but he actually hit an off-speed pitch. I'll t...
The Cubs just need to know where to grab em. WHERE. TO. GRAB. EM. 
lackly
Lol Joe Buck. 

It also did look outside tbf. 
Couldn't even strike him out with 4 strikes.
Wilson god damnit. That was so fucking easy
What a fucking choke...
LETS FUCKING GO
HAHAHAHAHAHA fuck you Gonzalez
Fucking right he's out!
"Don't mess it up New York"

What a schmuck. 
ENJOY THE SALTY TEARS LA
JHEYYYYYY BABY!!!! WE LOVE THE THROWS
That was almost game over. 
I can't get used to these 3-inning playoff games.
I'm so hard right now
Damn, the salt in /r/baseball is awesome.
Guys I'm like water, I'm helping dissolve the salt in /r/ Dodgers.  I'm getti...
We are the Cubs I mean this is expected.  
that was just bad luck
What the fuck.
FUCK. 
God damnit
God dammit that was a DP ball
Why do pitchers do that dumb shit. 2 runs 
Joe Buck's saltiness over STL not making the postseason dripping out of him r...
Eight run update: [Before]( http://imgur.com/jPq1Qpw ) and [after]( http://im...
I think I'm comfortable with this lead, guys.
I mean, a few more runs scored wouldn't hurt...
I'll never turn down more runs.
shhhh
Took his time to fucking one hop it from just inside the grass...

Heyward ca...
We got the out fuck off

You should be angryman21 not jollyman21
We got lucky. It was the lack of urgency that frustrated me. Never should hav...
Thanks for walking 2 you horse toothed fuckbag.
Woh, Lackey did his job. Chill out.
Walking 8 and 9 is doing his job?
Odds of a Seger base hit here? 
Zero. He isn't even up to bat.
AC210071108
They Monty play reminded me of the Gonzalez grounder in 03
I fucking hate Strop's crooked hat. 

But we're up 8 runs. So.... 
Hats to the left. 
#HATS TO THE LEFT
I hate your post.
Welp!!!
should've be counting on Heyward to drive in runs. Russell has an opportunity...
OUT you FAT BITCH!
Out at home! What a throw by Heyward.
Why even have review? He was safe. I'm not complaining, but still.
SHUT UP WITH YOUR LOGIC!
Close call but we got screwed on the hit batter. So this is half make up call...
It still counts as a HBP even if the ball bounces.
We still don't have a hit... Like they've already gotten more hits this game ...
We know we're in a slump, and we also know that slumps always turn around eve...
Lackey has only gotten four outs in this game (edit: while allowing four base...
WTF RIZZO?!?
[deleted]
I want to watch American horror story tonight but this game just got interest...
Get out. 
what!?
Lackey couldn't even get an out in the 5th. Not why we brought him here. 
Have you guys missed an episode of Lucifer? 
All of em
Can we just cap our runs at 6 and use any following runs in the following gam...
No we score 10+ tonight and every other game we play this season.
FUCK YOU RIZZO
What a scrub.  Thanks Mike.  Thanks a lot.  
God Heyward is so bad
Saved a run and has an RBI. that's what we need from him.
Just talking about the isolated at bats tonight, and his horrible at bat last...
Even winning 10-2....wow

Do you not remember his perfect throw home earlier ...
Not talking defense. Talking the rotation of either a groundout, pop out, or ...
An RBI groundout earlier that was arguably a crucial run. 

You edited your c...
Yes I understand. Just tired of seeing him make soft contact.
gg
Thank God
That's just unlucky now
Wrigley field needs rally towels
Best case scenario, we only give up a couple of runs.
I thought this was going too smoothly 
And Russel almost just threw that ball into the dirt.
Does anyone else get flashbacks of Alex Gonzalez every time a ball is hit to ...
no
i do
Unless we win by at least two, this one is just going to feel dirty to win.

...
Not so much. 
Well the dust suddenly kicks up after he's tagged so that looks like an out t...
i don't give a shit how dirty it is

it's been 108 goddamn years
A win is a win
he wasn't though his hand was hovering over the plate
[deleted]
>103 wins

>joke

ok
You're the worst poster on this subreddit 
No one's making you watch them.
l


o


l

start was clearly coming. really need to hit this guy tonight
[deleted]
This is a subreddit for the Chicago Cubs, a professional baseball team. May I...
Get out
The hell are you talking about?
I don't care what the players think. Fuck Angel Hernandez
He's been super consistent all game. And really patient with Lackey and Peder...
It goes beyond this game and even the Cubs. Dude has been terrible all year l...
Fair I don't know too much about him besides this game and Steve McMichaels i...
[removed]
The world would have been better if you were aborted
I mean he's not wrong. Rizzo has been terrible this entire postseason.
we're fucked 
no we're not, sorry
Sorry guys, I'm done, my heart feels like it's going to explode
Good
Thanks Wilson.   Damn curse.  
