Addison Russell. Get the fuck out of the lineup
Boy was I wrong about this comment.
maybe if i skip both of my classes tomorrow the cubs will win? worth a try?
The Cubs need to show up in the playoffs. They never do
Right, tonight didn't happen! Come on...Arrieta blew it, Rich Hill owned it. ...
Raise your hand if you thought this was going to be easy.

NOW PUT YOUR GODDA...
48 more hours
44.5 and counting
 
Is it just me or did we deliberately take a ton of very hittable pitches?  I'...
Holy shit, yes.  It seemed they looked at every fast ball down the gut, then ...
Tomorrow is a new day. A win ties the series. All it takes is snapping out of...
They have to shake up the lineup no?
Rizzo needs a hug.  And then a slap to the face to snap him back into it.
Let this sink in: Rizzo is 0-Series and 1-23 in the playoffs. Pathetic! That ...
Did you forget about that blistering single he hit in the 9th tonight?  that ...
Is there such a thing as a hitter error?
Maybe Hee-seop Choi can fill in. /s

Yeah. He's garbage. He's only an MVP candidate. Trade his ass for some prospe...
"Playoff Lives Matter," bitch! 
This is the sort of "logic" I expect to hear from Sox fans.
Tomorrow is another day.  We're not done.  Just have to win 3 before they win...
EXACTLY. To quote Will Smith in Independence Day - I ain't heard no fat lady!!!
Exactly. This series ended when we lost to Kershaw. If we lose two more times...
Bruh. This comment.
Off speed pitches give 95% of this lineup big problems.
That was painfully obvious tonight.  I'm afraid that's all they will see goin...
I feel like that was exposed last year to be honest
We have to take the new two games
We hit kershaw harder than rich hill. Think about that.
This offense is absolutely trash.
Relax. 
I see a lead if we take tomorrow. The pitching matchups will be interesting
Kershaw will pitch every game for the Dodgers. 
Rich Hill > Jake Arrieta. 
No. Dodgers offense > Cubs offense.
https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2014-10/7/12/enhanced/webdr10...
Joe buck should find a bridge to jump off
I'll meet him there at this point 
I'll push you both off 
Why did the cubs have to lose home field advantage? Pathetic. Time for the cu...
So... what's everyone's new pregame ritual?
I have been sober for the last two first pitches, time to get trashed at 5:30...
Drink a bottle of Jack
Sigh...see ya'll (you know who you are) tomorrow.
See ya, chief
#WOOT WOOT
Keep up the faith my man. We need all your positive vibes for tomorrow!
Always and forever. Cubs til we die.
Schwarber's injury was faked all along. It was planned so that he could train...
Maybe we an get Starlin back. Dude was pretty clutch last postseason 
We'll always have game one. Javy stealing home was crazy and Miggy's GS. Peace. 
Train. Wreck.
Really getting tired of the lineout bs.
Ok. Beat the kid tomorrow and tie it up
r/nocontext
Only a one game deficit. Still far from over. Night folks.
Sleep tight. 
Don't let the bedbugs bite!*









*No seriously, they're awful, disgustin...
Oh thank merciful god in robot heaven
Alright, alright, alright.  
So that game was disappointing. We were cold all...
Our organization doesn't suck. Our bats need to stop dying in the playoffs.
Your assessment is correct.  I'm nervous as hell about Urias pitching tomorro...
I see you're new to Dodgers playoff baseball under Dave Roberts... Kershaw's ...
97 wins last year did fuck all for us in the NLCS.
And that was last year. This is not last year. The Cubs are only down one gam...
Already got tomorrow in the bag? Were you saying something similar about Jake...
Um, no, I wasn't saying that about Jake lol nor had I ever written off 2ERA R...
I've got a Laphroaig 10 cask strength that I'll be opening when the Cubs get ...
And you shall enjoy it, my man.
Rich fucking "can't-hit-the-broad-side-of-a-barn" Hill Looked like a Cy young...
2 ERA Rich Hill was the sure fire guy to beat, was he?  
Did you see that sli...
Rich Hill had 2 postseason appearances (2007 and 2016), a **6.43 ERA** and wa...
glad to see this positivity in this thread.. i needed that. see ya tomorrow, ...
Regular season wins are doing fuck all to make these chokers hit in the post ...
C'mon man...
Well now they can just clinch at home. On to game 4
Nice 18 scoreless
Well, this game could have gone better
Cubs in 6. See you guys in the WS.
Hell yeah!
18 consecutive scoreless innings

Just 6 hits (.100 BA).  21 strikeouts. 4 BB
That's a recipe for pain.
Oh well. Get 'em tomorrow boys.
Indeed.
At least we wont get swept. Small improvement from last year.
Math isn't my strong suit, but that means 2019 NL Champs confirmed! 
Alright, what lucky unhealthy food should i get for tomorrow?
Typical
Got kicked out of dodger stadium.
story
Dodger fans are dicks, Cubs fans hold our ground. 

Dude swung at me and secu...
Fight the good fight brother
I need something to entertain me..  What happened?
Dodger fans swung at me. Security didn't think it was a good idea we stay. 
Randomly or....
I mean yes I was rooting for the Cubs. But they were more upset I didn't lose...
I've been going to Dodger Stadium my whole life and I was really unhappy to s...
It's selfish to think only your team is allowed to enjoy the ballgame. 

Ther...
It did come off as rude. I can't control 54,000 people. Giving someone shit f...
I didn't make fun of his shirt, I told him it was cool. 

I appreciate your a...
Wow. You've really changed the way I view your fan base. Good job. 
This shit happened last year too, they got to the NLCS and turned to shit. So...
We weren't good in the NLDS. Our pitchers had to get runs and Rizzo and Russe...
I honestly think they both need to sit a game. I've genuinely got more faith ...
Maddon let them think they won the world series when they had the best record
>This is why I kinda hate the baseball playoffs. Stuff like this corrects ove...
There's no fix, it just sucks. More often than not the best team doesn't win ...
The system is fine, if you're gonna get shut out in back-to-back games in the...
It's a mindset. Don't think the players are unaware of the century+ drought. ...
I almost think they need to go up swinging at first pitch fastballs. 
The Cubs have looked at so many pitches down the middle of the plate (on a de...
this gives LA so much momentum... the L sucks but the momentum is the worst o...
Baez is maybe a liiiiiittle too confident. Maybe this was a reality check
Nah I understand where he's coming from.  The Cubs have basically put everyth...
Jansen is literally just throwing eveything down the middle now
Completely over matched for 2 games now.
Remember when we used to score runs?

Sergio Romo remembers
Its almost like its against the rules for us to swing at fastball strikes.
Cogs is a joke. 
I mean fuck at least he's hustling on batted balls, most of the team isfucjin...
I have to say, while tonight's game was frustrating, best decision I made was...
I'll be doing this next game
Honestly, I think what's even more frustrating than watching the Cubs have ve...
See?? Pat and Ron forever 
I've always loved them, it was just a question of getting the sync right. Pul...
They could walk five runs in and we'd still get three outs before driving in ...
What happens if the Cubs touch home plate? i forget
The goat is so clever, goofy looking Dodger fan.
Season over. Done. Finished. Just like last year. We choked on the curse. Tha...
lol cmon man.  Whether we lose 1-0 or 20-0, it hurts us the same.  tomorrow i...
Choke on my curse
Also this.
Be positive buddy! We're only down 2-1 and the offense has to wake up at some...
Cheer for the cards next season. You'd fit right in with the bfib.
Down the middle....
Wow. Dodgers pitchers threw 14 curveballs to Anthony Rizzo. His previous care...
Lester has to pitch tomorrow.  His count was low on saturday. 
Guessed against back to back shutouts? Do you know how hard it is to do that?
Rizzo just trying to pad the stats. 
I'll take it!
Pathetic boys.
>Pathetic, boys.
Thank you
You don't need to hit a fucking homerun everytime you bat
Here's a piece of wisdom I heard from Terry Francona on the radio today: "the...
TITO <3
Jesus do we have fucking holes in our bats?
At this rate, we should go get some corked bats and switch them in. We're aby...
I don't want a whole bunch of fluff from Maddon after this game. Being down 2...
That's what we'll get. It's who Maddon is. It's awesome when we're winning bu...
Stop trying to be a hero.
WELL OK. WEIRD IN FIELD HIT TO START THINGS.
Oh great angel hernandez is home plate ump tomorrow
Everyone everywhere on every team will be raging.
Dodgers score on a groundout, while we have limp dick hitting back to back ga...
Hey! A weak single. High 5!
For a moment I thought you were talking about Playstation vue because I might...
That's how you get it started! 
They keep taking those fastballs right up the middle. Swing the bat!
Let's go boys puke and rally. 
Lol that is exactly how it needs to go 
Fuck this offense and fuck your downvotes. Regardless of if you want to admit...
Did you ever do the pie to the face for being so negative in the NLDS game 4 ...
Nope, but it's coming. Just haven't gone to the grocery store since then.
You are aware it is a best of 7? Teams have come back from much worse. 
John Smoltz just used the words "super nasty"
#CAN SOMEBODY PLEASE FUCKING GET MATSUEZ ON THE PHONE? 
RIZZOOOOOO
rizzo getting hits when it doesn't matter 
WOOOOOOOistillhavecripplingdepressionOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I'll take that hit.
It never fails to amaze me how powerful a baseball is.
haha alright then
that sums up our hitting
It's something... 
[deleted]
Comedy Bang Bang! and On Point with Tom Ashbrook or Myths and Legends
Damn, looks like someone took an axe to that thing.
#FlyTheL
I can't fucking wait for the Maddon presser. He's gonna say how well his guys...
[deleted]
He could tell it like it really is. That his team can't handle the pressure a...
You want him to throw his arms up and panic and say they "can't handle pressu...
Maddon has been going full Lou lately.
I'm a chiefs fan and so far he's been the andy Reid of Cubs baseball
Any hit is a good hit for Rizzo. Ill take it
Well shit, got to get a hit somehow! I'll take it
If nothing else maybe that's the hit that gets Rizzo back on track maybe?
Ha
Atleast he has to use a new bat
LMFAO.
Cubs needs to bust this game open wider than Trevor Bauer's finger.
When Heyward is in: "He's an automatic out, fucking bench him!"

When they si...
pretty much.
Exactly what I was thinking 
Haha, fucking nailed it 
This GDT is silly.
Might be because there's more than a few people here.
More bipolar than Courtney Love...
Hey friend, I'm sorry to make shit annoyingly serious, but I want to encourag...
I got you mate, I've had rather serious issues actually that've been ongoing ...
If you need anything, let me know 
Thanks my favorite on-fucker <3
People in my Facebook are calling to bench rizzo and not start arrieta...I sh...
Not about the run it's about letting the double happen when you could hit the...
On point. 
eh not about the arm here, more about the decision to throw home and let the ...
That's a run regardless of who's playing right. 
Yup.
Science facts: 

When I have one whiskey drink, the Cubs are 0-2 this postsea...
Chug! Chug! Chug!
I will join you on this noble endeavor. 
FOR THE TEAM!
Not all heroes wear capes
I am glad this a seven game series.
Way this series is going this might not last more than 5
God, I hope we can stretch it out.  They seem to be loose, and we are on our ...
Tomorrow is a must win game, period.  Kershaw is awaiting his chance to punch...
It feels like it's a 3 game serious :(
Won't go more than 5 if the Cubs hitters don't get their heads out of their a...
I thought the series ended in the 6th inning tonight?
If the team can't wake the fuck up and remember they need to hit to win the g...
Kind of seems like that is the truth....Unfortunately.

Dear offense,

Please, for the love of whatever deity you follow, wake up. 

...
Brb, hitting up Odin.
Jesus died for our sins. Odin tells you to man the fuck up. 
Jobu.  The diety's name is Jobu.
Bring back the +363 run differential offense. 
I made [this for Rich Hill](http://m.imgur.com/mZZjuws)


And 



Zobrist sai...
10/10
You mean 12/6?
Baseball dad jokes,are you JD?

Oh, wait...
Gosh darn it JD
Lol im just happy people got it/appreciated it
Everyone who's against the negativity.
We're not mad that they're losing, we'...
This is exactly what has made the two losses worse. This isn't the cubs team ...
I agree 100%. The Cubs aren't playing to their identity right now and they do...
Be nice if our All-Stars got base hits from time to time.
Hi I'm a grown ass man hugging a stuffed animal. 
Joe Buck's initials are JB. That's the opposite of BJ, because listening to J...
[deleted]
I think it boils down to Joe Buck sucks dick
Jesus I should take Joe Bucks suggestion to watch this on Fox Deportes
im on fox deportes currently. why did he refer it
Consider one of these: http://www.sportsyncradio.com

I don't have one, but h...
Si?
DE DONDE PANTALONES Y QUESO? 
YO NO SE!
Si que?
Sorry, is that Jesus or JesÃºs?
jake is throwing nasty shit rn... if this offense can't pull it out for him i...
Worst part was that they had Hill on the ropes in that second inning and they...
Yep thanks Russell
Yep we had a chance to break it open, get him out of the game and force their...
That was probably the most key point in the game for the Cubs 
I miss the regular season
This is why some sports don't have a postseason. 
Same. I love the atmosphere with Len and JD, looking forward to daily games a...
I really do miss Len and JD.  Postseason games are stressful enough without h...
Sweep the leg Arrieta, no mercy 
I really hope we win
Big if true 
Controversial opinion
I was told the Dodgers pitchers would be tired and easily hittable after the ...
Joe Maddon, bring out fucking magicians, a petting zoo, a field trip to the f...
It's too late for that shit. lackey just needs to go fucking off on this sorr...
I agree. He needs to do something to boost morale.
Will fans strike out with Gold Coast Bank?
Not if you're in the village of Bedford Park 
Yes.

I mean, their equipment has to be shit.  Who the fuck is gonna hit a ba...
I dunno, how's the stock market doin?
You know they wont
Never. 
You know, as a Cubs fan, sometimes you get this feeling like it's destiny. Bu...
Tell it how it is. 
Stop explaining exactly how I feel
We need to play the Reds again so we can tune our offense 
If The Cubs win this game, I will drink a pint of Wild Turkey and record myse...
I'll do this regardless
Can't wait for OP to deliver when we win. 
RemindMe!
saving this

ya gotta believe
I'll do the same but with tito's and I'll sing YMCA 
Same but I will drink Eight Star and sing Frosty the Snowman naked in my fron...
Rizzo living rent free in rich hill's head tonight
Kyle died for Jorge's shins. 
Don't you dare
Why does Jim Halpert sell insurance now instead of paper?
I fucking hate these thread sometimes. Every time we fall behind it means the...
You're right. It's not win or go home. It's win or you don't go home.
It's like these ledge jumping asshats didn't even watch game 4 of the NLDS
Seriously. Down 3 with 4 to go? That's a deficit our offense is capable of er...
It's just how this sub is sometimes man. Don't let it get you down - the Cubs...
It is a pattern though. You have to admit we're lucky to be where we are. Pit...
Don't even care are if we win at this point, I just wan't to know if we are e...
All i want is a run, gove us some kind of life. If only Rizzo or Russell woul...
Seriously if this game ends even 4-2, that 2 will give me so much more hope. ...
I totally agree, but what is that apostrophe
Whisky 
Rizzo and Addi hanging out together to share their respective post season mel...
I can't stand this anymore honestly. This is what happened last year in the N...
We just aren't a playoff team. plain and simple. Expectations killed them 
Jesus.  
Lol fuck you
I've heard of a couple batters having a drought...but not the whole lineup mi...
They've been silent for a game and a half. We scored 8 runs in game 1. This i...
We got lucky to score 5 runs in one fell swoop. You can't say our offense is ...
Don't know how I'm going to survive this game sober ðŸ˜©

Being a Jake day helps 
Why do you have to be sober
Sick :(
Are you allowed to work when sick?
Nope. Went home early this morning and marked ill tonight. 

Sucks that I'm s...
Hope you feel better 
Thank you :)
Did you have fun at game 2?
Tons!! Could have had a better outcome but seeing Kershaw & Kyle pitch and ha...
Wooooooo
Where were your seats?
Brandy/whiskey in hot water with lemon and honey.
If it was a cold, I would. This is more nausea/vomiting ðŸ˜©
Ginger brandy
+1  or...ginger tea with a shit ton of fresh grated ginger, lime, honey, Jama...
Y'all want me dead I see 
I don't know about you but my nerves need some chill. 
Same but I can barely keep water down now....don't know if brandy would be an...
That's my go to. No cold is going to stop me from having a drinking problem.
> drinking problem

I prefer "alcohol connoisseur".
Huh me too, how did you get me sick from half a continent away???
You deserved it
What'd I do? :(
I'm sure something :)
This is most likely true.
Uhm... where's the strike zone? I have no idea at this point. 
I hate FS1
Pete rose could probably get a hit
That would depend on the bets he laid, wouldn't it?
It isn't their fault we can't hit for shit
Did I implicate them in any way?
It's so strange how entirely unfamiliar this team looks to me. This just does...
Really hurts. It really really hurts.
kinda like 2015
My dad was an original Left Field Bleacher Bum.  For about 45 years he had Cu...
If this happens I'll give $44 to his foundation and go get a 4 for 4 from Wen...
I'm gonna hold you to that.
i'll be drunk so i'll have to uber to wendys.
I'll do....something if this happens. TBD. 
The I predict.....is an old Bleacher Bum bit.  If you listen to ESPN radio, M...
I don't! But regardless, if this happens, I'll do something. 
Take your significant other to the House of Sweden!
I'll donate my entire paycheck to his charity if that happens
RemindMe!  6 Hours
I will be messaging you on [**2016-10-19 04:12:01 UTC**](http://www.wolframal...
We don't need to get all these tools and bots involved here.
/u/User_Simulator + /u/Kincaid86

...yeesh AHHHHHHHHHH
This has turned into a dumpster fire


+/u/User_Simulator  /u/johnnybravo1014

Countless edits: nailed it
That being said, hockey has way more fickle than basketball, 16 team playoffs...
Can our offense just wake the fuck up for one inning please?  That's all we n...
And then for three more games 
Same shit as last year. 
if this offense can't get going I have no hope.
It's so frustrating because we are a better team in almost every aspect but t...
Can we please... PLEASE SCORE SOME FUCKING RUNS, FELLAS?!?!?!?!
Bats, they are sick.  We cannot hit curveball.  Straightball we hit it very m...
http://i.imgur.com/2YxXoCd.jpg?fb
I say fuck you Jobu.

I'll do it myself.
Holy shit joe buck shut the fuck up about Kershaw 
This year Joe buck, last year Brian anderson. Can this get any worse?
We will see what tomorrow brings. 
We have to win the next two. There's no other option. Kershaw in an eliminati...
That didn't work. 
!remindme 2 days
Member when we had runners on second and third? Member?
Pepperidge farms does
I b'member.
I don't recognize this team.  Wake up guys.
Schwarber didn't die for this...
This game is fucking pathetic. Why is it no matter who is on the Cubs roster ...
Memmmmber... when the Cubs would systematically dismantle the other team over...
something something Pepperidge Farm
Doesn't feel like something member berries should be needed to remember.  But...
I member.
I memmmberrr...
Member when the cubs had +200 run differential?
I member :(
Checking in from the game. LETS GO CUBS!
Holy fucking shit. That anthem singer is so fucking good. 
If we could just blow them the fuck out and have fs1 stop talking about our m...
Literally thinking the same thing
I have a hard time buying into the "slumping offense" narrative when we put u...
I like this ump so far.  Not giving the bullshit backdoor curves to Hill.
Wait, Rich Hill has a curveball?
I agree.
THAT is huge for us.
12 innings in a row with no runs (I'm hoping I jinx the slump)
Javy is allowed to make a mistake. 
By the time it got to him it was too late even if he got it, I think.
I'd prefer he have a setback and get focused.
That wasn't even a mistake
yes but i am still crying.
I definitely don't enjoy their half innings taking 20 minutes and ours 5 at b...
It's nice to know no matter the outcome of the game, we all know Angel Hernan...
17 consecutive scoreless innings

Only 6 hits over that time for a whopping ....
Baseball feels like the only sport where guys can just suddenly go from good ...
I'm making tacos and drinking beer because fuck studying. My mom also thought...
Did you fail because you were watching the baseball? 
Haha no, I did the same as I always do.  I just couldn't procrastinate during...
That was almost like it was out of a movie. Incredible 
Tonight I think that the Cubs should concentrate on scoring more runs than th...
This usually means you win 
I wish we had John Madden as an announcer instead of Joe Buck.

â€œIf this team...
Bam!
Thats some bold analysis
That's how I roll! ðŸ˜Ž
Sportsball!
GUYS MY NEIGHBOR JUST KNOCKED ON MY DOOR WHILE I WAS BLASTING GO CUBS GO TO S...
LOL
DID YOU TELL HIM TO FUCK OFF!?
NO WE CORDIALLY ENGAGED IN A CONVERSATION ABOUT HOW IT SHOULD BE CUBS-INDIANS...
Oh, well sounds true. Fucking Bears and Browns, both just as bad.

BUT IF ITS...
How much plastic surgery is in that front few rows holy shit
That's L.A. - guarantee they don't give a shit about the Dodgers or the Cubs ...
probably about $3 million worth
Looks like a wax museum 
So Hill looks good but I think he's the kinda guy that your second time seein...
"Turner has owned right handed pitching in his postseason career"

**pop out*...
Joe Buck's FanBoy commentary is kind of annoying. 
STOP THAT

THATS HOW SCHWARBER DIED
Is Chase Utley a Guess Who character?
Does your character have grey sideburns?
The late June cubs are back at the worst time
Time to bring back Masztus 
The only answer
If only Baez had visualized that ball as a piece of gum..
This guy knows baseball.
I'm baking cookies. Anyone need one? Ive got sugar, chocolate chip, and M&Ms.
M&Ms fam, hook it up.
Say no more! ;)
I'll take M&M cookies, thanks.
You got it!
<3
Depends... can you make them "special" cookies?
If I could, I would. We could all use it tonight!
Is there weed and alcohol in there too? 
No weed, but I have vodka...
Poor it up
Man I wish we had 5 o'clock starts our time. I require a lot of sleep and hav...
Lets fucking go boys.  No mercy time to bitch slap Rich Hill just like when h...
Gentlemen and ladies, the forecast is officially sunny with a 100% chance of ...
It's raining dongs, hallelujah it's raining dongs!
we're siiiiiiiinging in the dongs
PSA: if you go to dodger stadium Flags are not allowed in the stadium 
God hates flags 
PSA: If you look pathetic and nearly cry when they take your W flag from you,...
Whaaat thats bunk. Do you know why they have that rule?
Probably gang related...actually I have no idea but it wouldn't shock me.
ðŸ™„
Maybe they got sick of seeing our Ws everytime we're in town
Cubs lost 2 of 3 when we were there this summer...
Game two still pisses me off a bit.   Two atrocious calls >3in off the plate ...
I flew to LA for the 2 games they lost. I was front row in the bleachers and ...
Its just friendly banter
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_burn_centers_in_the_United_States
not sure why, but we don't allow signs of any kind in
Ahh that could make sense to prevent people from obscuring others' views
No signs I'm ok with actually. Being behind someone with a sign sucks ass. 
PSA pt. 2 : Their fans were awful during the 2008 NLDS
[deleted]
I don't know what's worse, the attempted arson on the baseball field or the h...
He's a Goddamn American hero.
I THOUGHT THIS WAS 'MURICA!!!
Don't know why Rich Hill is being assumed to suck so much in our sub. He's pr...
I underestimate nobody in the postseason.
I mean, we are all judging Rizzo and Russell despite the small sample size - ...
Mostly cause we all saw him suck 8-10 years ago 
He was just a kid then though. He's come a long way.
**DEEP BREATHS**
SO PUMPED!!!! LET'S GO!!!!
*forgets to exhale*

[*passes out*](http://i.imgur.com/KFk3Syk.gifv)
"Picks up where Kershaw left off"

Fuck off Joe, he's not even playing.
Guys I'm really nervous.  
aren't we all...

I shit my pants, changed, and then shit those too
The bad news: sad trombone for those last two outs. 

The good news: getting ...
Gif of Rizzo?
I didn't see it on TV, but Pat relayed that to us listening on the radio. FS1...
What was he doing?
Pat says that just before the last visit to the mound, he was relaying clearl...
RIP Grandal, Ya'll got frozen worse than Elsa!

^Please^don't^judge^me
take your +1 and get out.
Happy cake day!
Thank you very much.
let it go
The way Buck talks during the game you'd expect it to be a 20-0 Dodger lead a...
Not the best at being an impartial commentator by any means. Pumped for his r...
As an NFL fan I hope he takes Aikman with him.
Agreed. Although Smoltz can stay, he's a great color guy I think, has good co...
Fuck the bombs, our boys need to get some more base hits.
https://twitter.com/CubsUmp/status/788548253822382080
Yep, that blown call cost us that inning. With the count at 2 strikes, Arriet...
[**@CubsUmp**](https://twitter.com/CubsUmp/)

> [2016-10-19 01:12 UTC](http...
Offense, please wake the fuck up. thanks
I don't think this umpire knows what a strike zone is
Hill has not been good. What the fuck is happening.
We're just down one run guys. The Cubs can do this.
The Dodger bias on this broadcast is getting annoying.  Especially with them ...
Baez is human?
Fuck FS1. Showing a Chicago bar's reaction to the Dodger home run? Really?
Murphy's sucks too
lol right?
80 pitches thru 5. Top of the order next inning. Cubs need to keep this game ...
We need to get a hit first.
I feel you
Rich Hill looks like a thumb in a hat
A tall Barney Fife
Distant Peyton Manning relative?
No, that would be Trout. 
How soon you forget [Scott Hairston](http://l.yimg.com/bt/api/res/1.2/QcdOM49...
That heyward AB may have been the worst I've ever seen in my life 
He sucks. If he starts another game joe should be reprimanded 
you obviously never saw me play tee ball
Hahaha thanks for the laugh. Been a rough night trying to keep the GDT positive.
Wait til tomorrow!
This is the biggest start of Jake's career. Something tells me he won't be de...
Same for Hill....
Go the fuck to your own subreddit. 
Iiii dunno you don't think that WC game last hear was higher stakes? If he lo...
>This is the biggest start of Jake's career *so far*

ftfy
October 28th, 2016 (AKA game 3 of the World Series), will be a bigger game, y...
You did not.
Hey don't hit Travis!
Kerry*
Whatever you do, don't take away a few seconds of commercial time to show a r...
I think the worst part of this is that it's nor like the Dodgers are playing ...
"The key to Rich Hill tonight is his curve ball" - Big Hurt

HOT TAKE FRANK!
Man, this singer has some golden pipes
god damn, this guy's got range.
Well I did not expect that closing. Damn. He was pretty good though. 
Looks like we've carried over our hot hitting from last game.
"Curveball" count- 57. Not the number of curveballs thrown, mind you. The num...
I'm so sick of Bryant striking out looking.
If Sparkles is upsetting you then don't look at anybody else on the Cubs.
He's too valuable to go down without putting the ball in play.
Might switch to spanish commentary to get away from Joe Buck.
Does Buck wait for the first Hispanic player before advertising that the game...
The announcers don't get to choose when to read those promos
Si 
Hit or not Rizzo looks 5000% better in this AB
Would have loved a run but I'll take that pitch count and shakiness for now 
My concern is that this is an epidemic... tons of guys left on base without a...
Summon the Risp demons plz.
I reluctantly agree. I'm getting tired of the trend to leave runners in scori...
I know, it hurts 
Can we not do that again? After what happened last time?
It felt like the was Soler's. Fowler ran a LONG way and was still running whe...
Cf is captain in that instance. Soler knows that
But if you're just standing around ready to catch it you still get called off...
We cannot fucking hit
It might've been easier for Jorge but generally CF has precedence - if he cal...
If the centerfielder calls for it, it's his.
If the CF calls for it, its his ball
TIL
It's CFs ball if he can get to it though. If soler didn't call him off, then ...
Soler was calling for it, too.
I still can't get over Russell...fucking bunt one to the right side i don't f...
He's hitting around 0.215 since September. Is Almora on the roster? Id love t...
Fucking [ump](https://twitter.com/CubsUmp/status/788548253822382080)
That's how many that have hurt the cubs now? We need instant replay on strike...
[**@CubsUmp**](https://twitter.com/CubsUmp/)

> [2016-10-19 01:12 UTC](http...
Play small ball....holy fucking shit. Quit trying to hit home runs.
Fucking ump got influenced by the fans and gifted that last one.
Joe needs to work his magic. This team is lifeless right now 
This umpire has no clue what he's doing at this point.
#COMPUTER UMPS NOW
Do you guys remember the days when Hendricks et al pitched surprisingly well ...
I miss scoring excessively period :P

Still lots of ball to do it though!
*activate cubs optimism*
fuck that. I'm going doom and gloom.
*with our powers combined*
Where is Bill Murray?!?!??
"Rich Hill. Dominant through five."

I think we'd make any pitcher look domin...
He's been more lucky than dominant.   He was dealing straight trash in the 2n...
Against the bottom of the order
I looked into KB's eyes and for a moment everything felt ok
The amount of 90 MPH fastballs watched right down the middle this game has be...
#This

#Is

#Frustrating 

**But not over**
Damn straight it isn't Lawless.
Best way to look at it right now. 
Rizzo watched a 2-0 fastball go right down the fucking middle. What pitch are...
CMON CUBS I LITERALLY DONT GIVE A SHIT ABOUT ANY OF THESE OTHER TEAMS AND FOO...
How do you think I feel, after this is over I have the fucking Bears!!
Carter William is an interesting addition to the bulls?
The D Wade, Rondo, MCW hype train is getting ready to leave the station!
No love for Jimmy?
He's the conductor.
You just made the Hawks sad :( 
I DO like that Hawks, but I'm not a big hockey guy. I'm one of those bandwago...
.... yea. I guess that *does* put things into perspective 
I'm a Nats fan. I think you guys have pretty damn good odds even down 2-1. So...
 http://i.imgur.com/03Qr3gC.jpg 
Whatever happened to the offense that would dismantle the opposing pitching? ...
I mean, I know everyone in here says to stop being negative.  But having 4 hi...
Wait, homer only cuts it in half :/
BACK TO BACK TO BACK HOMERS.
bloop and a blast and a bloop and a blast
Can Lester pitch games 4, 5, and 6? And we'll win all three games 0-0?
Lester didn't even pitch that great in game 1. Was able to struggle through t...
You're right. They hit 5 or 6 balls really hard right at our defense. And I w...
That 0-0 thing should have tipped me off lol.
Um...I...Well...It's complicated.
cubs got me feeling like charlie brown when lucy pulls the football away
Heres the only thing giving me hope. Going into tonight we were basically in ...
Except we really just got shutout twice in a row. Very demoralizing for the f...
Guys.  Remember the STL series last year?  Down by one game.  Look what happe...
I like where your head's at, but damn our bats are ice cold. Let's hope this ...
I totally agree.  Out hitting needs a LOT of work.  But we've still got a lot...
no.
anywhere from 2-4 more games. Which is anywhere in an estimated 6-12+ hours. ...
St. Louis had absolutely awful pitching. They had goddamn Lackey as their fuc...
I'm just saying.  We are only going to be down by 1.  That is totally managea...
If you think they can score then yes. But that's the key difference. St. Loui...
Lets just keep our heads high.  This isn't over by any means.
I'm not saying it's over. But they need to hit. And they aren't. And they rea...
I totally agree.  
God bless you
'"Herr herr" lotta stress for these Cubs fans.'

Fuck you Joe Buck. Fuck your...
The Cleveland Indians are putting their World Series tickets on sale tomorrow...
Oops Hill has thrown a few balls better start talking about his blisters 
#walk count: 2 

#stolen base count: 1

#pitchers Jimmies rustled: priceless
Rizzo is stealing signs, stealing bases... stealing hearts... virginities pro...
#I HATE IN-GAME INTERVIEWS JESSSSSUUUUUUSSSSSSS CHRRIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSSSSSTTTTT...
Disagree. Grandpa Rossy's in game interview was fantastically informative.

G...
You think it's worthwhile having the game minimised to a small screen so we c...
I clearly state that all of them except one are complete shit.
That Skyrim hype tho.
I'm so excited right now for Skyrim and Red Dead Redemption 2
Civ VI, Battlefield 1 (maybe,) and Skyrim will be eating up my life.
I have a PC.  Skyrim already looks better than that.
They're updating it to the special edition for free if you have it on steam!
Heh
As if I wasn't already hard enough from Arrieta today
5 years. Still hyped. 
Arrieta got robbed and it helped Seager: 

https://twitter.com/CubsUmp/status...
[**@CubsUmp**](https://twitter.com/CubsUmp/)

> [2016-10-19 01:12 UTC](http...
Corey Seager irons his jeans
I hate how valuable a run is in these games
Alright wake the fuck up bats

Holy shit a base hit scores a runner on second, what a concept.  
We need Schwarbs
Literally all he did was mash in the postseason. I miss him too
Not true. He mashed in the regular season too
Touche
This makes 13 consecutive innings without scoring a run.
Wow. That is an amazing statistic. I'll bet that trend NEVER changes. Beatlej...
It would be cool if we stopped trying to crush the ball and just get some hit...
Wow ball 3 was a strike. Strike 3 was not
It isn't called based on where the catcher catches it.
I guess you don't realize we had 3 of the top 10 framers this year 
Ok... I have no idea what that has to do with calls against Soler...
# umpire logic.
According to that strike zone ball 3 was a ball. Idk how accurate that zone i...
The Cubs offense is a Cy Young factory
Smallball would be nice here. Just stinging together a few hits and getting o...
Fuck, a "few hits" SOUNDS impossible lately
Okay, joining the optimism team for this game.  We're winning this, fuck the ...
fuck yeah we are, we're the best team in the league for a reason
Montero's arm is like a wet noodle 
If I see Dave Roberts celebrating like a 10 year old kid again  I swear
3 hits in the last 14 innings... pathetic
Hey, at least we got the top of the order up next inning. Got a good feeling ...
à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤ CUBS TAKE MY ENERGY à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤
Cubs making every starter look like the likely 2016 Cy young winner.
Bums me out how turned off everyone is already. Top of the lineup going into ...
They've had 3 hits in 14 innings. What reason have they provided to make you ...
The entirety of their regular season. The team still has talent and hopefully...
Game two was a pretty huge heart breaker. I think it's easy to understand.
3 hits through 14 innings can be draining on our morale
not to perpetuate a Scottish stereotype but I really could do with loads of h...
I never thought I'd say it, but I currently have no faith in Rizzo getting a ...
Feels eerily similar to last year's LCS. It's not that we are losing. It's th...
It's like watching a funeral procession.  One I've watched too many times in ...
This isn't all Arrieta. We score more than 4 per game in the regular season -...
Here to spread positive vibes and Christmas cheer. 
Feel the rhythm. Feel the rhyme.  Get on up... 
ITS BASEBALL TIME!!!
the hero this sub needs
Turn back now. This thread is a lost cause. 
Only silver lining is that it's Game 3, Game 1 we looked like we were going t...
Yeah, but it needs to flip soon. Offense has to show us something
Let's get some runs gentlemen
These are the Kubs. The Cubs will be back soon. 
It's games like this that are difficult to justify staying up until 530am for.
Same. Currently in Germany. Hopefully the next two days of my split sleep sch...
Ouch.
Fair play ecosse
something something pope :(
184 million reasons why Heyward should be in right.
This was strictly an offense switch and Maddon had no choice
This was strictly an offense switch and Maddon had no choice
Don't go to the bathroom or you might miss the Cubs half of the inning
The negativity comes from the fact that we haven't scored a run in 16 innings...
à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤ CUBS TAKE MY ENERGY à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤


Let's not get too negative. Arrieta is still throwing a nasty game.
Eh, he's left a lot of balls over the heart of the plate. We've gotten lucky ...
true, this pitching is beautiful
Gotta score to win
This is starting to look eerily similar to last year's NLCS. 
Rehearsal for the first two hours of this one...I'll have to find a bar/resta...
Hey look at that, we have exactly 14,000 subs here. 
Hey, that's pretty neat!
Nice.
Nice
Neato!
You'll be happy to know I'm watching this from my couch in Milwaukee tonight ...
I mean, I wasn't angry,  mostly jealous haha. Sucks you're sick though. I too...
Can I call a Rizzo three run homer in the 1st?
But he's batting 4 who makes the out?
How about a Dexter leadoff solo homer first.
Fowler solo homer, of course.
3-run homer on his 2nd plate appearance of the inning.
That was fucking dope. Rivals Jim Cornelison. 
Damn. That was impressive.
phenomenal anthem
Has anyone else had legit trouble eating on game nights? Damn nerves are kill...
No I eat too much. I need your problem. 
I've been on a strict beer, guacamole and chips diet.
I just made Chicago dogs and am drinking old style.. all good here
Alright, 1-2-3 for them, 1-2-3 for us. 

Let's go Jake. 
we got the "HOO HAH" ump.
Am I jumping the gun by asking to put a picture of our offense on some milk c...
This umpire's strike zone is the fucking Bermuda triangle. Fucking terrible c...
Fucking stop having shitty ass at bats and start hitting the fucking baseball
If the Cubs offense showed any sign of life, I'd be fine. But they have been ...
Russell needs to come out. I don't care about his D anymore.
Remember earlier when we all lol'd when Rizzo stole that base? Man it was a l...
Thank goodness for that, it may have been the only time I smiled tonight....sigh
we are using our voodoo magic 
*happier times*
if we are losing in the 8th ill be turning the game off just like I did when ...
I'm tempted to do that after six, since it's our top of the lineup. I have vi...
.#sacrifice #oneteam
Course that'll probably work better with the Giants bullpen
Outside of the homerun, which was a decent pitch, Jake has looked good.
>Cubs gotta rely on their forumla

Yeah, but for the past couple days we've b...
http://m.imgur.com/0ry75sO
We got this. #letsgo #gocubsgo #flytheW 
Heyward takes two down the pipe. Now he'll roll over the breaking ball - or s...
How'd you know?
I've watched most of his AB's this season.
Stop being so correct all the time god dammit
Wow 
Good call
At least coglahn looks like he cares. That makes 3 now with Bryant and Baez. 
$184 million 
4 hits, 0 runs in the last 16 innings. I will fucking panic if I want.  
Cubs losing by 4. Hawks gave up 4 goal lead. COINCIDENCE???



Aliens. Thanks...
Literally don't look like major league hitters. Besides KB
Eight men out
And Baez. He drilled his last one, just right at 3B
At the very least, let's work Jansen's arm?
Late inning magic inbound.
I'm running a 102 fever and I'm kinda delirious but this isn't good
I'd get that checked out....and take Tylenol. 
Yeah um....take care of your health. 
Sounds like you could use some ibuprofens.
[deleted]
He got destroyed but dodgers and Rich Hill dominated in ever category 
Hm, isn't going from a democracy to an absolute monarchy a bit of a problem?
[deleted]
Make Baseball Great Again
RIP Constitution.
Think of it more like the Romans when in high leverage situations one man asc...
It's more of a guideline than a rule at this point anyway 
Ah Captain Barbossa we meet again!
You negative nancy mutts. WAS IT OVER WHEN THE GERMANS BOMBED PEARL HARBOR?
HELL NO
No!
Germans?
Just go with it 
*nods*
Our bats need to heat up real quick. Starting to get scared here.
Seriously. At least on sunday we could put some blame on the inward winds. 
http://i.imgur.com/ED4QUAl.png


Come on guys, get your act together
Everyone get your "fuck this, we're cursed, see y'all next year, I'm chopping...
God I hope you are right.  Im sick of seeing them put up constant zeros.
I want to believe you so hard right now. 
Let's go get em!
All hail the President!
Let's Go
Oh God, seeing this GDT just sent a flutter of butterflies down my stomach. 
...
I have a good feeling about Rizzo tonight, guys.
He's due! Love seeing him in the 4 spot as opposed to the 3.
It seems every time he was slumping this season and we started getting on him...
Okay. I'm at work. We are undefeated this postseason when I have to work duri...
If we win this game it's because we hit fastballs.
"The forgotten guy" ? WTF?
that was 6 inches inside
Way off the plate.
Rizzo is a trolllllllllllll lmao
#HAHAHAHAHAHAHA RIZZO SAYS FUCK YOU
No runs but those AB'S looked a lot better...
I've never seen Addy look so lost
He looks terrible 
Wtf is up with him?
40 pitches
I think Russell needs a day off just for his own sanity and psyche. Throw Bae...
he admitted hes tired. maybe give him tomorrow off so he has two in a row? I ...
Good thing Jorge is a tank
Schwarber was a tank too :(
different kinda play, schwarber was more vulnerable but yes he was.. :(
He sounds so disappointed doing the play by play when it's a dodger striking ...
Jake's stuff looks Nasty today, you guys
You know Buck, if you don't really wanna be there I have no issues with havin...
Here's an idea, how bout interview players while *their* team is batting?
That curveball animation was oddly satisfying.

Because it's one of the two times they'll show the strike zone on the screen.
Impressive
KB with the vinegar strokes face
The LA crowd was really excited by KB hitting a foul ball on a 3-2 count.
Of course. Rich Hill fumbles all over the place and we don't score, then they...
Right down the middle... [ball](https://twitter.com/CubsUmp/status/7885482538...
Fuck this ump.
If you chew with your mouth open you're a douche 
Guys I'm just so fucking over these umps the last 2 games. That should have b...
We haven't scored a run in 12 innings now? This is what crappy ABs will do
Slumps are awesome. Especially in the NLCS. 
So Hill is off but we can't get to him. Great. 
We couldn't get to a replacement-level pitcher right now. This is even more p...
That's overstating it. Hill has been good this year, gets like Hendricks. 
Jesus christ.  This hitting is so bad it is hard to believe.  It is just hard...
ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS UMP
That wasn't a fucking strike. Fuck this shit. We don't need this to be any ha...
cheer up cubbies, you're playing a pretty good game. Hill is fucked once your...
We've been saying "X is in trouble once the bats get going" this entire post ...
but you've been killing it all season! I have faith, you guys have this.
Thanks for the kind words friend
this is when I wish Joe would wake up the boys. I love Joe and will support h...
Miggy struggles throwing baseballs
It's amazing how the Dodgers can have a team with Oakland As rejects and low ...
Well I'm getting another beer
Aaaaaaand non call strikes again.
I think the worst thing about plays like that is hearing Pat's disappointed v...
I wouldn't be worried if the Cubs weren't like 7 for 90 this post season. 
So what's the bullshit narrative out of this game - that every Cub is a terri...
Mute the TV. Turn in the radio?
I need DVR - I only get MLB.tv radio, which is behind the live broadcast. I d...
The Cubs are going to come back. Have faith guys!
That tag at second should have been reviewed
Well, atleast Hossa just scored #500
BABIP at like .0005% this series
This is embarrassing 
I'm so tired of this weighing down on me. Honestly might be out for the night...
What did you follow your team all year for if not for this?
I hear ya, I was looking forward to this game and it just feels terrible.

I'...
That's what I had to during the last series
Hawks are up 4-0 if you wanna watch that for a break lol
A team that actually comes through when it matters. What a novel idea.
#you go, we go  
#we are good  
#cubshine and lollipops  
#...pls
#FAKEAMUSINGMOLESNAKE?!?!??!
#only a bloop and a bloop and a bloop and a blast away from the lead
Swing at that pitch before it's a full count. Come on. 
IS THAT WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU SWING AT A FIRST PITCH FASTBALL?
Cubs doing Cubs things
We need Bill Murray magic
Is this a joke? Could we get any more unlucky?
BABIP gods, what misdeeds have we done to anger you?
I guess I'm dumb but does this BABIP take into account just how meek most of ...
The Arrieta and Wood deflections have Harry Caray and Ron Santo rolling in th...
Took out EYBS
The most demoralizing thing is that there is no obvious fix here. It would be...
Dodger's stadium is some kind of time machine.  Nowhere else can you go today...
#THE GRIMM REAPER
At least blanton is warming up
0 hits from players not named kris bryant
How the fuck are you allowed to block the bag like that?
That is obstruction. Plain and simple. You can't just stand in front of the b...
You're not... but why would this godawful announcing "team" bother to talk ab...
Annnd the hawks just blew a 4-1 lead in 4 minutes. Fuck sports
This is fucking stupid. We have to win tomorrow. We fucking HAVE to if we wan...
Will Mr. Sparkles restore the natural order of things?
At least give us this one run please
Any day now, offense. 
Please god let them win
I don't think that'll help tonight...
It's our only hope.
Well, the Hawks won.
Which is nice. 
Fuck the Cards
A hit? With a runner on base?

.... is that legal?!
In what countries can I get a hospital to kill me?
I'm ready to commit seppuku if you are
Oregon 
I think Germany does it 
Hospitals can kill you in the USA, they're just not supposed to do it on purp...
If they lose tonight, they go down 2-1. That is by no means insurmountable.
I would agree but the thought of Kershaw looming when our offense is already ...
Kershaw won't be back until Game 5 at the earliest. Cubs win tomorrow, series...
I thought for sure we would take game 3 and 4 and then Kershaw in game 5 woul...
I really do believe they'll find a way. They've been doing it nearly the enti...
This is going to be a glorious comeback
*It was 4-1!*

Wait...
I sure fuckin hope so sparxy
Yea, no way we don't get some hits in this game.  I just know they're coming.
Hey Bryant, I stole the signs, he's gonna throw increasing high 96-98mph cutt...
Genius!
Jesus you guys...I'm glad you will never ever manage baseball ever.
Why?
Don't you remember little leagues? 
You mean knee jerk reactions aren't a good way to manage a professional team?
I remember seeing someone say when we were losing during game 4 that Joe shou...
Addison needs to be benched. His defense does not make up for him being an au...
Can we put in Heyward?
But then isn't that just swapping Russell's bad at bats for Heyward's bad at ...
he has more hits than russell this postseason.
But Russell hits a lot better when he heats up.
Javy at SS means no Javy at 2B means no insane Javy plays. Got to think about...
He can make those at SS, too. 
Can we have just one year where the Cubs don't stop giving a shit after the N...
We. CAN. Come. Back. 
We can't keep pulling out 1/100 comebacks every game.  We need to start scori...
No shit. But we are STILL in this game and in this series. Enough naysaying. 
The blind optimism is as grating as the blind negativity.  
Might as well get embarrassed in the nlcs again
Okay, guys, win this one and you've got homefield back. I have every faith in...
So will the LA smog hold balls up in the air longer? /s

It'd be wicked aweso...
I was offered tickets for tonight and tomorrow. Alas, I booked a gig Sunday a...
> and I'm in one of the worst towns in this country

Where?


Los Angeles 
San Antonio
St. Louis?
Terrible luck. If it makes you feel better I got last pick in my ticket split...
Hey, time. Please move faster. Thanks!
THE CUBS ARE 3 WINS AWAY TOO
I'm so nervous I'm going tie myself to a chair and burn myself with lit cigar...
Not only is tying yourself to a chair impressive, but burning yourself while ...
Drink the nerves away!
#I'M NERVOUS I'M NERVOUS
Jake looks so fucking dialed in
Unpopular opinion here, but I think if we can score more runs than the Dodger...
Hey there Tim McCarver!  Welcome to /r/ChiCubs!
Big if true.
In his last seven starts in California, Arrieta has allowed three runs. He ha...
Since two starts were @OAK and @LAA, Arrieta could only bat in five of the ga...
HOLY SHIT SOMEONE TELL THESE ASSHOLES THE CUBS ARE THREE WINS AWAY, ALSO!
I'm not worried about 3. We have 7 to go. Keep your eye on the prize
That's the God damn spirit. 
Is that Larry fucking king behind home plate
Looks like it.
It's the shambling corpse of him. 
Yup and Mary Hart from Entertainment Tonight 
And she won't shut the fuck up
Yep! Lol.
Quick! Someone make a joke about how he saw the Cubs last World Series win!
Sounds legit.
why the fuck did he take that pitch

That guy who keeps screaming whoohoohoo needs to shut the fuck up before I th...
FS1 has been absolutely horrible at blocking out annoying shit like that the ...
You mean the umpire?
No, listen closely, it's a fan and he yells it after they call a strike while...
All three Cubs hitters in the first inning got very hittable elevated fastbal...
[Trying to get a picture of the rally towel with the postseason puppy and he ...
[My postseason puppy](http://i.imgur.com/fW6dROB.jpg)
What a beaut!
doggo <3

"...and he has just a great ass too."
Jake came to fuck.
LAD key to the game, get on the base and run... thanks captain noshit 
Goes will with Pete Rose's advice...

>See the ball, hit the ball
Buck: "And speaking of Gonzalez, if you want to listen to the game in Spanish...
Did he just nonchalantly plug fox deportes when a hispanic batter came up? Lol
Buck the plug ðŸ˜¤ðŸ˜ˆ
Jesus fuck guys you're all bitching about that pitch just now and they litera...
I looked like a strike live, but ya on replay it was definitely inside.
Which is why all the fucking bitching about umpires is fucking ridiculous. It...
Glad that they hit one to Jorge and woke him up before his plate appearance.
With all the lefties, he's going to be busy.   I really hope is jumps are bet...
Was napping. Still made the play. Javy damn near beat him there though.
[deleted]
Is that what that thing is?
He heard that the President was coming
Just imagine he's Larry King Geoff.
Rich Hill was my favorite Cub at the time, there was something very Hendricks...
That was an awfully wide fucking strike. 
Pitchers got a big butt!
RIZZO PLAYING THE MIND GAMES
Pitch count 31

Pitch count plus pick-off attempts 4,382
That was a big "fuck you" to Hill, I love it. 
I am sorry but what an outstanding job our staff have done with Jorge. Those ...
Same with Baez as well. He sued to strike out a ton.
...didn't you say this already about Javi?
thatsthejoke.png
I was more making sure I'm not having a stroke. 
Haha that's fair
# TRIGGERED 
Schwarber flashbacks intensify 
Last thing we need is for Soler to end up 6 feet under with Schwarber. 
Miss you Schwarbs, miss you every day 
Rule #1 in the outfield:  Center fielder has precedence
Genuinely curious, I've always been told the better fielder has precedence, i...
Jake HR next. Heard it here first. 
Hey, don't steal my thing man. I called that Grand slam after all. 
Shit I messed it up I guess :(
It's okay. We'll get it back. 
You guys think Buster Posey gets awkward when his commercials come on?  Like ...
All that money probably softens the awkwardness.
I hope so
Joe: "How's Julio gonna do tomorrow?"

Kershaw: "Awful"

I hate those kind of...
Montero saw 20 curveballs. I must have been high during his at-bat. 
Hill getting attacked by gnats or is he giving pitch signs now?
Both. The catcher sends signs via carrier gnats
Your comment didn't go unnoticed! I chuckled
He's so tired he's hallucinating. 
This offense is detrimental to my health
Why does Rich Hill look the vice principal of a elementary school 
Obligatory Fuck
This zone is crazy
Rizz dong incoming. 
Rizz anything would be nice
His last AB was pretty great. 
Gotta score to win!
Big if true.
GOOD point. 
What was that call?
If that was a strike then I could hit as many HR's a season as Bryzzo.
Regular season Cubs would be mashing Rich Hill right now.  He looks so hittable.
We played great small ball all season and now everyone is swinging for the fe...
He is hittable. The Cubs are not good hitters right now.
At least the ump isn't fucking up for one team, he's fucking up consistently 
I try to be so optimistic but guys... hit. the. fucking. ball. They're out th...
The producer is ADD as fuck. Chill with these camera angle changes. 
I can't stand how fucking nervous I am. Fucking stop it.
Let's get out of this Arrieta. 
That's what happens when you get squeezed
Whelp - came back from down three once before and this isn't a must win game
I feel it is.  Two more in LA with an ice cold offense and no momentum?  We c...
I miss the Giants and now I wish we faced Washington
we wish you did too
If we lose tonight, I am not excited about playing two more in LA before we h...
Let's wake the fucking bats up. Time to remember, WE ARE GOOD. 
Dear Cubs Offense,
Please
-Cubs fans
I still think we can win, but I am very concerned the pressure has broken the...
It's not pressure. They aren't chasing pitches.  It's just bad luck and not s...
Looks exactly like last year. If thats the case its done.
I legit got a lump in my throat.  I really really hate this.
Offense wasn't really that great against the Giants starters as well. In all ...
The Dodgers bullpen is a lot better.   This is why we can't expect great come...
Take away the RBIs from the pitchers and that's a much different series...
we look like the 2013 cubs out there
Is that Hossa's 500th?
Yessir
Think so. 
Yes
It was
How about that! Go Hawks
That it is. Praise be
Still plenty of baseball to be played today, as well as the next few days. Re...
This isn't Kershaw on the fucking mound. Get it together Cubs. 
There's still plenty of outs left guys, not over yet
We have 3 hits in our last 14 innings.... I think being upset or worried is m...
Third time through the lineup coming up in the 6th with Hill at 80 pitches. T...
We've still got plenty of baseball left.
Decent inning by Jake. Top of the order up. 

Who/What are we sacrificing to ...
I'm almost willing to rip up my betting slip that's paying 3-1 to get them go...
Hmm. Tbh I'd die right now if it meant the Cubs won it all!

I also have a Do...
I'll take one for the team and sacrifice my hat.
I'll sacrifice my sanity.
Way to bounce back Arrieta.  We got this!!!
Pat: Rich Hill working on a one-run shutout 

*eye twitch*
Rizzo and Russell are black holes lately....couldnt be slumping at a worse time
The entire team is black holes 
Just like last year
Holy fuck this is embarrassing 
Just waiting for the 8th inning and later show I guess.. Damn.
Bring out the pen. I love you, Arrieta, but you're done.
Fuck that. This season's done!
I'm not going to dignify your Texan bluster with a response.

Sincerely, an O...
Sorry. The situation's killing me, Smalls!
That's okay. I never miss the chance to grumble at a Texan.
This hurts though
Likewise to Oklahomans.
This game was over when they scored the first run. And if the bats don't wake...
Don't worry baseball will be back next year in chicago
Let me know what you guys think of this. It's bold and will never happen but ...
I like this plan.
They're not killing anything.  4 runs isn't the end of the world.

We just ca...
5-1 against righties if they win tonight 
Two homers off Arrieta... you don't see that often. That's killing.
I really hate these commentators
We need an all-star break to come back from this. We can do it though. Gotta ...
Not on the roster for some reason 
We need szczurs bone marrow.
Thank you for making me laugh in these trying times.
Missing: Cubs offense. Has a tendency to disappear in October. Please return ...
That's gotta be interference
Couldnt that be considered interference or something by Blanton? 
Not if joe sits there quietly.
Yep, thus the slide which slowed him down.
Is it not interference because he slide though? 

Was the slide like a "forfe...
How is our offense so incredibly shit right now? I don't think I've seen them...
i forgot what a run looks like tbh
Everyone take a shot 
He threw more balls last night. The asshole ump only called two of them.
this is fucking depressing
Can't rely on the homerun to do everything.
Well actually you can. But see you actually have to hit home runs.
> Can't rely on the homerun to do anything.

FTFY
"What a wild night, I haven't stayed out this late since I was in my 50s!" - ...
Joe Buck is terrible
Need another HUGE 9th inning. Come on! Let's go Cubs! 
:)
:D
Joe needs to wake them the fuck up tomorrow. Loosen them up, pull them out of...
Cubs are too good to panic right now. The upcoming 8-run 9th inning is going ...
You get gold if this happens.
I like you, let's meet in the world series.
It's a date!
C'mon u/verbutten and u/UnfortunatelyLawless lets generate them positive vibe...
I'm heeeerrrrreeee 

Pls Cubs
Heyyo banter buddy! :D
I missed this! My fault :-(
Where's /u/wrong-teous??
He ded
You abandoned us!
I had class/meetings til 830 last night. This place was a shitshow when I fin...
Not sure, haven't seen him today...
I'm here too!
Waddup!
Hands helmeting over here.
Ya'll realize we had a one game deficit against the Cards last year and still...
I don't think it's the one game deficit per se that's worrying people, it's t...
Preach.
https://twitter.com/benfinfer/status/788579719851679745
You are awesome.
[**@BenFinfer**](https://twitter.com/BenFinfer/)

> [2016-10-19 03:17 UTC](...
Hayyyy rizzo got a hitttt
infield hit for rizzo in the 9th... that's cruel
I'm not usually one to complain, but Joe Buck is already talking Dodgers in t...
I'm not blaming this on Anthony because he seems to at least be grinding out ...
As the second half of Bryizzo, and one of the team's leaders, I think the off...
Joe Buck is a Cardinals fan what do you expect. The guy has the commentating ...
an open letter to Fox Sports One: if you want me to buy your fancy ass cable ...
all the bats being cold means they're all about to get hot at the same time. ...
We have no fucking chance choice now do we?
?
Too bad it could be spring training before they get hot again. 
#BELIEVE OR LEAVE
I believe! 
Alright guys yeah that sucked 0 runs but we just had a 30 pitch inning. That'...
Joe Buck is jacking off under the desk while talking to Kershaw 
Talking to Kershaw Buck is probably peeing his pants
3 hits and 0 runs in lur last 13 innings. This is feeling like New York all o...
Final score 6-3, Cubs. Get your rally caps on, fellas, and quit yer' whinin'.
idk if r/chicubs GDTs are the most negative but they definitely have the most...
It gets bad fast if we don't do well.
we as a fanbase are in a culture war and it plays out in every GDT
it's very interesting to observe since I jumped on the bandwagon
And it'll be like that until the Cubs win it all
So... y'all wanna see a picture of my cat? 
Yeah dude let's see it
Yes
Please god, yes.
"moments away from being up 2-1" THERES TWO WHOLE FUCKING INNINGS LEFT YOU FUCK
Broadcasters are no longer pretending, they are now referring to the Dodgers ...
They are Dodgers fans?
It's a national broadcast, they're supposed to appear impartial for the more ...
Don't give up yet. Being down one game is definitely not insurmountable. 
We went through this very same thing last season. It's EXTREMELY hard not to ...
Rookie phenom with no pressure on him whatsoever pitching tomorrow. Followed ...
It's not being down one game,  its' the completely dead offense.  I'm having ...
Apparently scoring runs is an insurmountable task though
....it's loud and electric in there? It doesn't sound that loud at all. 
Yeah so electric that they haven't stood up once yet and half the seats behin...
Not very loud in the stadium tonighy. 
What a joke. It's like a regular season game there. 
Worse than regular season.
It's filled with Cubs fans and overall the stadium...
They didnt sellout the nlds eithet
#less than ideal
We have to **all** be negative to turn this around. It worked in the Giants g...
Yes and we need to question literally everything that Joe does.
I heard Miggy isn't even that good 
This is what happens when you don't hit against scrubs like Rich Hill. The Cu...
#BENCH ADDISON RUSSELL
Being a Cubs fan is like being stuck in the friend zone for 108 years
Moments away from being up 2 to 1 Smoltz? It's the 7th. 
If you don't have a rally cap/bucket/anything on right now, then you're part ...
I ONLY HAVE RED SOX HATS BUT I HOPE THAT WORKS. IF NOT, I APOLOGIZE AND PROBA...
Watching naked. It's the only way. 
I HAVE NOTHING ON. LETS FUCKING GO!!!!
I NEED A BUCKET
Pics or it didn't happen 
This game sucks, but try to keep basic statistics in mind. This game is not i...
Tomorrow is a MUST win 
Thank god for no 9pm start times
Go Cubs!
I'm trying to grow a playoff beard like Arrieta.

God damn am I failing miser...
Did you see when he shaved it off in the offseason he can grow it back in lik...
And here I am having not shaved since the last regular season game with just ...
I'm making that kid with the rat stache in 6th grade look good...
Been wavering between total calm and acceptance & utter anguish all day. 
This lineup is gonna tear the cover off the ball today. The Pres' slider is g...
    1. this is my first
 G^D^T [not on mobile](https://www.google.com/search?...
Psssh, leaving the mobile life. Lame. 
Don't worry, that was a one and done post for me.
#mobilemasterrace
Knew you'd come to your senses. 
Let me just start by saying...
# Let's Go Cubbies!!! <CLAP!> <CLAP!> <CLAP!><...
#HEY CHICAGO, WHADDYA SAY
Ok guys. I totally forgot that Rich Hill used to be on the Cubs.
He was kind of a Cub grown player. Came up through our farm and shit. I think...
Na he wasn't even in the rotation in that year
Do you know when it was that he was a regular? Had to have been right around ...
Right before then. We upgraded with Harden and Dempster for 2008 

Are we gonna have to see slow ass P.Baez today??
I'm eating a ton of pizza tonight so if the Cubs win I have a good excuse to ...
I ordered a pizza and breadsticks at 10:30 AM Sunday morning because of Monte...
I've been doing this to justify week night drinking all postseason
Ok let's score 5 in the first off Hill.
This early scoring is boning us tho. Sustained offense!
And then 5 more in the 2nd inning off their relievers :D
I like A-Rod?  

He's easily the best dude on that panel.  Who knew after hat...
He juices before the pregame show.
Tbh I've always liked A-Rod. He was one of my favorite players when I was you...
I've always appreciated A-Rod and what he brought to the game. I just hate th...
Every game this post season that the Cubs have won I've been eating arnis dur...
I'm really nervous y'all
Let's put up a fucking number tonight. Need to see the bats show up.
They are paying Pete Rose hundreds of thousands for this analysis:


See thee...
You sure they're paying him? I thought he may have just wandered in and no on...
The smog machine adds a certain authenticity
Don't worry I'm here
Boy oh boy it sounds like there's no way we can beat these resilient dodgers!
The President will now hear your problems
Shoutout to my manager for letting me just sit at the computer and let me wat...
This ump is going to be annoying...
Im mad already lol
Rizzo gonna go deep first pitch. He's going to get 4 RBI tonight.
That broad just jabbering to Larry King non-stop is gonna drive me insane
I know everyone is a little on edge right now, but don't forget to take a mom...
....how the fuck is Arrieta forgotten? 
to be fair hes not bumgarner or kershaw so its by default that hes forgotten
Only by retarded commentators like these two. 
The olden days of yesteryear, my friend. Who is it pitching for the Chicago C...
Arietta, lester, hendricks, and Hammel. 
I'm afraid I only recognize Lester, Hendricks and Hammel. Who is this Arriett...
Dunno. I forgot. 
Mark Prior of course
I feel bad for him. He had so much talent.
It always sucks to see someone's career cut short because of an injury
No kidding. But I suppose that's one of the risks of playing professionally.
[deleted]
Drinking Scotch and weeping after that beat down Sunday.
God imagine if we beat them Thursday somehow. By some magic. 
Silly Jake, that's not where that pitch was supposed to go. Such a jokester
You would be close with better commentary, Joe Buck
Me: Jake's beard looks magnificent 

Mom: Magnificent? Could be a little less...
Dear FS1,



Go fuck yourself and your stupid camera angles.


Sincerely,


G...
holy shit buck and smoltz are at peak annoying levels already
The /r/baseball thread is very low energy. Sad!
JORGE EATS TONIGHT!!!!! 

I have this [bottle of MalÃ¶rt](http://imgur.com/51VPv7j) that I'll probably f...
I cant stand that shit. I know that's the point...but... I really hate it.
I have had enough now that it's sort of familiar. I like herbal stuff anyways...
"I'd have a conversation with my catcher there" --Joe Buck
"I'd throw out the...
Rich Hill has the facial features of a menopausal woman who has smoked her wh...
30 pitch at-bat from Rizzo here.  Come on.
Mmmmm 9 pitch PAs into a walk. Love it.
I want Baez to crank one, cross home plate, go "HOLY SHIT IS THAT LARRY KING?...
Larry King looks like the next Weekend at Bernie's sequel.
Cosmic_Charlie, how do you do?
Just trucking in style along the avenue.
Nice. Well, I'm feeling like a stranger and there's nothin' shakin' here on S...
Ugh. Bailed him out twice, Javy.
Jabba the Hut is the umpire
I'm already tired of analyzing Hill's pitching with the FS1 team.
I love this. Rizzo is 100% in his head
ahahhahahahahahahaa LMAO THAT STEAL
Lmao I love Rizzo 
Hahahahah.  Fuck you, Clown!
#IN HIS HEAD *CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP*
Love how patient they're being. Getting the pitch count, taking their walks, ...
On a good note for the evening.... Kaner scored a goal :58 into the game. 
I'll take that pitch count and the focused abs all day.
A lot of good things from that inning. Saw some life from Rizzo, rattled Hill...
Schwarangel you don't need a friend up there in heaven!
christ.  let's not do that again.
Really cool to see the corpse of Larry King siting behind the plate.
There's the 2015 Jake we all know and love
That was a sexy inning 
I'm fairly new to baseball, but maaaaan what a fucking pitch that last one was 
Welcome to the fucking show. 
I'm normally over at r/hawks. But all the cubs talk has been sucking me in th...
ðŸ˜ˆ
So happy to see the President is back, we needed this.  Runs are on the way!!
Can they fucking end that Posey commercial finally?
I mean, at least it's not that awkward one where he's asking that women to le...
Watch that one show up in the next break.
Plz no.
If it does just know it's ur fault
jake looks like he's a little wild but it makes him a bit more unhittable.
Arrieta's one of the most mind-driven athletes I've seen. when he feels himse...
This umps strike call is classic 
Channeling Al Pacino in Heat
This game has a very good feel to it so far. Jake seems to be dialing in, and...
Also fuck in-game interviews
I don't wanna see kershaw I want to steal the signs
It would be so nice to score during the interview. So so so nice.
These in-game interviews are such a joke. Why do any of the networks think an...
KB smiling on the base hit, he knew off the bat
He's like Barney Stinson. You can't catch a bad picture of him if you try. 
This guy is far from unhittable.  All we need is Arrieta to keep doing what h...
...and hit a donger!
Holy shit. Thanks for swinging.
Yeah I'll take it. 
That was a gift from a shitty ump.
That was a strike. 
Seager scares me most
Loving sitting Hayward there
I wish our 0-infinity hitters did that :( I have faith they will, but man.
Fuck this ump. 
Unless the defense somehow finds a way to start subtracting runs then I don't...
Hill looks like he got zero sleep with those bags under his eyes 
Haha I didn't notice but holy shit 
Come on, Cubs! Remind Rich Hill that he's Rich Hill.

Edit: I know he's been ...
he's been pretty good all season
Rich Hill played well this year...
in 99% of all potential realities, Rich Hill is an accountant with a fairly a...
Someone go get Jobu some rum. 
Rich hill looks like he's been up for 12 straight days
Man. I'm doing my best to be patient, but boy... I wouldn't mind a few hits.
This is pathetic 
Lmao, not in the zone.
Wow that ball was 4" inside
This ump just making up the strike zone now.
Our guys are fucking clueless up there. Crumbling under the pressure. 
ITT: people upset and a bunch of people pointing out all the upset people
Just my opinion, but I think the market is getting over saturated with superh...
I think it's been there for quite a while 
You're dead to me
Wasn't I already?
Ha ha good joke guys you can start hitting now
Jesus, Miggys throws have been horrendous today. 
Thats a strike
Dodgers threw the same pitch and the announcers were freaking out 
Maybe Joe should let this ump borrow his glasses.
I wanna die
welp
It hurts to live. 
Moar alcohol.
Fuck 2-3-2
Time to start mixing these drinks a little stronger...
FUCK EVERYTHING
Oh for shits sake. 
The limited scoring chances they've completely capitalized on. Meanwhile we'v...
Not worried about it 
It's not the umpire's fault that Jake is serving up meatballs down the center...
Strike 3 dude. Umps been so inconsistent.  If he calls it both ways that inni...
Did that guy just poke the dodgers player's tongue? 
Was wondering the same thing 
yeah for real, urrybody up in here either being super pessimistic or super op...
I normally wouldn't worry about this. But the lack of offense is giving me an...
Bench addy. He wont get a hit the rest of this series. Didnt come to hit.
It's cool guys.
  
We're gonna win the World Series only ever scoring in the ...
at least i get to hear the sound of what wood on ball looks like
This is the most frustrating thing. Absolutely pathetic.
ILL TAKE ONE OFFENSE PLEASE
/u/cragcrag we answer the call.  Our late innings can be fucking gorgeous
To be fair, Russell, Montero, Arrieta is a terrible part of the lineup. Top c...
Y'all need some prosac.
I switched to drinking straight whiskey and now I'm feeling much better.  We'...
I have made some drunken emotional posts but I'm still very optimistic. It's ...
Great inning,  Jake. 
Great inning for Jake and it's our guys 3rd time facing Rich "Hey did you guy...
Okay let's try to reverse jinx this
LET'S GO TOP OF THE ORDER WOOOOOO 
Fucking christ. I'll just take a baserunner at this point. 
Wish granted. 
Fucking christ. I'll just take a run at this point.
"Hey do you guys want to try today?" "Nah" - Cubs hitters
Only Bryant 
Anthony is just unfathomably bad right now. Reminds me of DLee in 08.
This fucking team makes no sense.. I know Joe is cool and collected but he ne...
lets not swing at fastballs down the middle lets swing at curveballs 4 feet f...
That's why you don't stare at a 3-1 strike with no intention of swinging.
Our offense is a giant black hole of suckiness all postseason and it's finall...
This fucking sucks
This is bad and I feel bad.  Fuckin sue me.
Can we at least end this fucking scorless streak?
The ESPN updates on my phone are like salt in the god damn wounds
0 runs scored going on 16 innings now
"But theres a lot more baseball to play"
There's at least 20 more innings. That's a lot of baseball
When you put it like that. It sounds worse. 
And like 5 hits during that time.
NLCS team BABIP is down to a comical .183
That is crazy!!!!
I'm surprised it's above .100
I'm *shocked* it's above .100
I'm **flabbergasted** it's above .100
I mean we did score 8 runs on 9 hits in game 1. Seems like ages ago, but still.
At least the Mets had bomb pitchers last year, this is just bullshit
Holy shot that camera is the highest def I have ever seen. 
Right?! That was ridiculous. 
At least Coghlan showed some hustle. 
Heyward stares at two strikes down the middle and then swings at that shit...
16 scoreless innings and counting.
Looked at 2 meatballs, swung at garbage. Everyone but KB is guessing out there.
lol garbage. Someone needs to get fired up in the dugout. This is unacceptable.
So how about another Game 1 8th turnaround?
Guys, the Blackhawks just blew a 4 goal lead. So at the very least, none of u...
I will not give up on this team, but I don't see the fire in their eyes right...
Save us Nate Silver 
Glad to see a hit, team has a lot of work to do!
Let's go KB!
Take him deep, take him deep
come on larry i know you're 10,000 years old but stand up
Wait, a game break to show Petes bow tie?
This is a complete shitshow trainwreck to watch right now. I can't turn my ey...
cubs win 8-6 lol 
Cubs have no choice but to win games 4 and 5 in LA just for the hope of winni...
It's all mental. 
Feels like last year. 
Another Viagra commercial like they know the Cubs been limp all night.
IT'S A HINT TO GIVE THE BATS VIAGRA. MADDON GET ON THIS SHIT.
Just the remedy for a flaccid bat.
You know Schwarber is just dying inside. He of all people would give us some ...
With the way we've been hitting I wouldn't be against trying schwarbino at fi...
How bad ass would that be if we made the World Series and used him as our DH.
His knee might be. :/
:(
Jesus Christ, step down from the ledge everyone. Worst case scenario, the Cub...
I'm trying to stay positive so here's my thinking before going to sleep tonig...
I ate 5 pickled habaneros at work today am now experiencing very violent fier...
Thats shitty. 
I have a good feeling about this. 
If we win tonight you know you're gonna have to do this for every game now, r...
You can be mad, but truth be told we don't deserve to win games when playing ...
Rich Hill dominant through 5?
Not even close.

Cubs struggling through 5 
Hey Joe, maybe we should start having mandatory BP
Bright side: Theo hasn't wasted any money extending Arrieta
He's done. Was a great nice 1 year peak but he'll never do that again. Not wo...
He'll make a nice reliever in Cleveland next year. 
Yup, this post season makes me okay that we'll let him walk.
I'd honesty trust Zas or Monty vs. this lineup more than "can't locate my fas...
I really think it's the pressure that's getting to them. Seems like they're p...
Bryant and Javy are the only two that actually look like they think they can ...
Cubs haven't been shut out in back to back games since May 2014
ok which one of yall tried to start the #FireTheo shit on twitter
I cannot believe this is real. I'm not mad, just extremely disappointed.
Seriously? Cubs fans are the woooorst 
It's obviously fucking trolls
So knee jerky
Dear god tell me that's not real...
So can we please not start Russell tomorrow?  This is getting ridiculous. Hes...
Let's just bench everyone and call it quits. It's a 3 game series and we are ...
And Rizzo please
Bench Rizzo while we're at. Batting .040 this postseason, pathetic.
It was over when it was 1-0. The rest was just for show. 
Unpopular opinion apparently: we have three innings left and I believe we can...
How dare you, we're obviously the worst and shouldn't even be here right now....
Very hot take right here.
Seconded
Thirded.
Fourthed?
FACT: No team has ever came back from a 1 run deficit.
Might as well be 1,000 runs. Fire Maddon, trade Rizzo/Bryant/Russell for pros...
I'm not saying how anyone should act as a fan, but all of you going on about ...
Yeah we're fans trying to enjoy the game. None of us can control anything so ...
All of those people saying "we're done, see you next year", those are the exa...
That's solid logic.  **BRING ON THE NEGATIVITY BOYS**
Yeah and you can say all you want about how good the opponent is/has been, bu...
As a lifelong cubs fan, we excel at being upset and grumpy.
It's only the 1st inning. It's only the first time through the order. They sh...
A good chunk of them probably weren't here for that last year. ;) 
It's okay to be fucking frustrated. 
Right
Bryant batting = Jansen coming in = Budweiser sign = am drinking Budweiser. I...
Don't worry guys. If we just keep posting positive comments we can affect the...
Truth
No negativity!
Maybe if we keep being negative, we'll ruin this thread for everyone.
Proton
There's tall buildings in the city I'm in! Easier to find a ledge! Positivity!!
I <3 sprinkles!
Don't worry guys. If we just keep moaning incessantly we'll all feel better a...
Giants fan here.  Despite what you guys did to us last week...i'm not upset w...
you're good people. Even if your rent is too damn high
Thank you. 

I am not giving up. I believe in this team. We'll break this off...
Thanks for the support, sorry you have to watch this happen.
Wouldn't of had a homer if the ump would of got the strike 3 call. Stupid bas...
Would have*
Except it wasn't a strike
Would be if he were consistent
It's true... tonight that should have been strike 3!
The graphic showed it as a ball dumbass. 
Because the graphic is always right? You must be new. 
Can't catch up to that 87mph heat!
There's nothing that says this is magically the Cub's season. That anything i...
He's just not cutting it. Simple as that. We don't have time to wait for him ...
I hate to agree.  But I do.  Zobrist on second.  Soler and Contreras.
So Russell sits, Javy to SS, Zobrist to 2B, and Almora in left?
The first 2 for sure. Left field more of a question mark with either Soler, C...
But baez is already playing
Sorry, just meant move Baez to short and Zobrist to 2nd
Almora would be coming in for russell
Not worried about Fowler hurting Soler lol
when "top of the order" means jack shit
I think scoring more than zero runs would improve the Cubs' chances of winnin...
2 NLCS starts.  10 innings.  8 runs. 

Jake... what happened, Jake?
Jake needs to reverse jinx and shave that beard already. He's not the same pi...
That's been Jake since late May man.  Where you been?
He sees that he's had about 3 HITS of "support" in those two starts and is fo...
I just started dating someone and told her that I would never convert her to ...
I'm done. Going to put on one-punch man and wake up with an ulcer probably. T...
Holy fuck heyward. So you dont swing at two fastball strikes but swing at the...
Lol Seager has more hits than our team
Wonder how Russell feels after being pinch-hit for with *Heyward.*
Joe just emptying the bench to see what the hell happens
Why not though? Players who are eager to play can make a difference.
Fuck Skip and Shannon
For what it's worth, Parks & Rec said we'd win 2017 so I'm just saying.
Hawks win 7 to 4.
I STILL BELIEVE AND I'M STUCK IN RALLY CAPS MODE. GO CUBS GO.
I like you.
THANK YOU. I LIKE YOU TOO.
FELLOW MASSHOLES UNITE (EVEN IF i'M A CUBS FAN. GO BRUINS!)
I'm jealous of how drunk you must be 
Flashbacks to last years NLCS where we forgot how to hit a baseball. 
I have to go take a midterm. Pls Jake when I get back let the Dodgers be scor...
good luck! im callin a 3 run 1st.
Let's go baby
Everything is pointing in the right direction. We have LA Jake they have rich...
I'm gonna be dead by the 4th. My nap attempt is a miserable failure as always.
If'n you're in central Iowa, the game is being played on the video board at t...
[deleted]
Who would do that 
Got home later than I wanted to so now I won't finish westworld before the game 
Why are the robots naked
Why are you clothed 
Cuz I'm not a robot
I'm naked...am I a robot?
Are you sure? Boot up the 3 laws
No record of laws
Holy fuck that show kicks ass. Good ep from Sunday too.
Wait, you can talk about pitching approaches instead of just saying Jake Arri...
Whiskey drink counter: 1
Vodka and soda drink counter: 4...
What you guys sipping on tonight?
New Belgium Ranger. Best $14 twelve pack ever
A little red bull and Goose to get charged up
Ahhh man with the goose? 
Kilkenny
Crown Black.
Miller lite 
Stuck at work until 10pm est. Thank fuck for Pat, Ron, and Len. 
1st Knob Creek poured.  Let's get to it, fam.
"No one out pizzas the hut" -your drunk college roommate eating a slice on th...
This pregame show is a trainwreck. 

Pete got a haircut!
"I want to look like an oompa loompa."

"Say no more Fam!"
I feel confident because Kershaw can't pitch all 7 games....right? 
This Tron: Legacy music is a nice touch
Fuck Chase Utley
I'm glad they mixed up the batting order, anything to get Russell, and Rizzo ...
Cubs fan checking in from Chavez Ravine.

The pyro went off for Dex, they alr...
I keep going back and forth before every game with why I'm confident we'll wi...
You perfectly encapsulated the beauty of this game.
...but both teams have won a game?
ðŸŽ¶You've got the Cubs Game on the scoreðŸŽ¶
Here we go....

aaaaaand I'm stressed...
You guys ready for them to blow Jake like they blew Kershaw last game?
I'm not nervous, I'm not nervous, I'm not nervous
Stop! You're making me nervous!
Hey /u/Rudas_Iskariot! I found some of those Pepsi 1893s - super stoked to tr...
[deleted]
Think it's probably my new favorite cola. Just a completely different taste f...
Rich Hill is gonna hang some curves today and we are going to capitalize
Is that Larry King?
Yeah
How many times are these mutts gonna say spin 
Dude your best is the big one, if you're not going for it you're not going fo...
wow starting off toxic in here tonight.
We're just standing there looking at good pitches... these guys are better th...
good contact early, those will find the gaps in a couple innings here.
we'll be ok guys, just need a big hit to jumpstart the team and lessen the pr...
Oh shit, that's right! We have Jake Arrieta! 
Did you forget?
I totally forgot that man
Is it super windy there? All the stationary cameras are wobbling so much 
Ripping on Miggy as a bad hitter like he didn't win game 1
Is it just me or is Jake's beard a bit bushier than normal?
Arrieta just needs to pound the zone because it's clear their approach is to ...
The umpire sounds like a fuckin' Street Fighter character
Guys, it's one hit. Chill out. We have the best defense in baseball and one o...
gonna tune to fox deportes so i don't have to listen to these jokers
man smoltz needs to go away forever.
He's a lot better than the TBS crew
may i ask why? i dont get all the hate
I was thinking he isn't that bad earlier but now that he's talking again I wa...
I like Smoltz a hell of a lot more than Buck. 
I'm not watching the game, but I'm not sure where a lot of this ump complaini...
I think it comes from last game's strike zone. 
Sometimes I hate Reddit threads
It's absolutely fine, I've no idea wtf these idiots are talking about.
"I'd love for Rich to drop some of those curveballs in my ass" -JB "Id have t...
Rizz looking a little sharper...
Good ab!
He's literally on base! Dance!
Literally dancing!
And Hill is struggling with his breaking ball! Yes!
I like this AB from Rizzo. lots of fouls. Lots of pitches. Good things will c...
Yeah Rizzo! Thattababy

It's cool as fuck to see Larry King at this game
Great AB. 
#*polite applause*
Rizzo looked a lot better that AB than the previous 6 games. Seeing the ball ...
Larry King is chowing down on ice cream. I love it.
I'm liking the control issue right now....
I am sorry but what an outstanding job our staff have done with Javy. Those a...
WHY TH FUCK DO PEOPLE HAVE TO FLOOD MY STORE RIGHT BEFORE CLOSE? IM TRYING TO...
at least we're working the count.
SLOER
He swung at ball 4 but you live by the Javy, you die by the Javy
Is it just me or do Rich Hill's curve balls look a lot less like curve balls ...
Let's go Cubbies! *clap clap, clap clap clap*
Way inside. Damn
jesus what do you mean WHEN off the plate?
We get it man, he throws curveballs
This ump can't call these curves at all.
Dude's guessing out there
scuse me mr umpire sir but wtf are you lookin at?
Ahhh PlayStation Vue shitting the bed on me. Getting every channel but just d...
I'm using my credentials on foxsportsgo.com, it's been a little choppy but no...
What credentials?
My PS Vue login
Awesome, thank you so much!
Me too. Watching the Simpsons just fine but FS1 crapped out.
I'm in L.A., you?

Edit: just tried on my ps3 in addition to my ps4. Same thing.
Chicagoland on an Amazon Fire.
In case you didn't see, babiesonacid pointed out that you can use your ps Vue...
Thank you for the info.
Yeah looks like it's nationwide. There's a bunch of people complaining on psv...
Rizzo just trolled the fuck out of hill.
Lol. Rizzo called that bluff 
Niiiice
RIZZO SAID FUCK YOU
You know that was out of spite lol
Bold move 
Runner on 2nd, switch signs. 
Impressive appearance by Soler
Working some ABs here. Loving it.
38 pitches already. Love it!
Our performance with RISP is going to be the death of us. 
Damn.  At least we got to Hill.  
But we didn't
we did?
Yea, I think that inning had him flustered.  He wasn't throwing his best stuf...
dunno if that counts. I mean we made him throw 30 pitches which is nice, but ...
No runs. But at least Hill is at 42 pitches and won't last long if they keep ...
It's all right... we're in his head... it's just a matter of time
We just gave him confidence 
At least the pitch count is up. Encouraging inning there
I like how theyre not showing the bad calls in replay
Hill is hanging so many of these curveballs and we are about to go through fo...
I'm encouraged by that inning.
Corey Seager single is #Dodgers 1st hit off Jake Arrieta at Dodger Stadium si...
Fowler: "Know your place fam. You ain't Heyward."
FUCKING COMMUNICATE GUYS! 
Really? Communicate. 
They did, you moron. Jorge isn't used to playing right.
Kbroumad?
Can we not with these NL West outfields?
Man they just couldn't hear each other 
Reallllly lucky it was Fowler still running and not Soler. PHew

Arrieta looks filthy. 
TIME FOR A LEADOFF BOMB FROM MR. PRESIDENT
Jake is looking pretty electric so far. Only a few pitches to start that half...
Can someone explain the "J.F. 16" I've seen on a couple of the cubs hats?
It's for that marlin that died in the boat accident 
Serious? 
Marlin that died
I'm assuming it's to honor Jose Fernandez who died in a boating accident a co...
Jose Fernandez. Miami Marlins stud pitcher. #16 Jersey. Passed away before en...
Jose Fernandez no. 16
Jose Fernandez. He was a brilliantly talented SP for the Marlins with a legen...
Jose Fernandez. #16 was his jersey number.
Jose Fernandez
Jose Fernandez
Jose Fernandez. He wore 16
In memory of the late Jose Fernandez
jose fernandez
I'm gonna guess it's a tribute to Jose Fernandez
Jose Fernandez. RIP :(
Jose Fernandez 
Jose Fernandez
Jose Fernandez
[Rich Hill's pitch face](http://g01.a.alicdn.com/kf/HTB1SKe7LVXXXXcmXFXXq6xXF...
Kris, one dong please
I'll take one babip that doesn't find a fields glove.
I helped.
I swear, Bryant looks like the nicest guy
Yeah KB!
KB so good. 
Can't look away from those beautiful blue eyes
HOLY FUCKING SHIT A HIT! 
Feels like cubs should have a lead. Hill isnt pitching his best gotta take ad...
Awww Joe Buck sounds so disappointed 
"The timing for the Cubs right now is just not in unison."

Right because the...
Everyone is so quick to talk trash about or offense when the Dodgers have bee...
His point was that the Cubs are much better than the Dodgers, so being equal ...
Rich Hill's sunken eyes kinda terrify me.
I remember him as such a fresh-faced young lad. It's weird to see the aforeme...
woo! A hit!   
Can we have more of those? 
Well, we got a hit so...that's pretty cool
Damn. Cubs really need to be more patient at the plate. it's what's gotten th...
Hill has thrown 60 pitches through 3.. they are being patient 
The main problem is we are missing on their mistakes. Bats just arent working...
Why does cricket wireless not have a cricket as their mascot. 
Anyone have a good stream where I can listen to Pat? I dont havr a radio. I c...
doesn't work like that, gotta just sync up the radio and the broadcast 
I know. I just need an audio stream so i can sync it with my tv. I dont have ...
I think you can get it with mlb.tv?
Nope
Well shit. 
Is it free right now?
Yes
I thought radio was always free, but I pay for it :-/ worth checking I guess?
Seeing Joe calm makes me calm
Seager needs to wipe that dirt off his chin.
That's a hickey
Get him here Jake.
I never realized how disastrous Soler really is in the outfield
Yay sloer
Man, we gotta shell Hill already.
nobody look at cubsump on twitter you will want to kill an ump
Yea, Arrieta been getting fucked.
Dude brought his love doll
Trailing now. Hope ALL the hitters recognize that we need some quality ABs now.
Let's light them bats up. One run ain't shit against this Hill dude. The bugs...
At least we got out of it with just one. But Jake has to stop leaving pitches...
LOL, "Remain calm..."
God I want a burger that looks so damn good. 
Rizzo has looked better recently. Had a couple good ABs in game 4 against the...
Jeezes how much longer do we get BABIP'd
Nobody's even hit a hard ball all game we're not getting BABIPd
Oh FFS - a .185 BABIP in the series - it's not all soft contact, including th...
"In the series", i said game. Name one hard hit ball this game, KBs hit want ...
Zobrist x 2, Fowler
We still in this. But this hurts to watch.
Too bad Theo can't pay for clutch hitting. 
Uhhhh
Out of curiosity, not blaming Joe, but what's the reasoning for Soler over Co...
No clue. I brought this up on the Cubs sub but most people didn't like conter...
Well your first mistake was going on r/Cubs haha
I wasn't... I'm on r/chicubs 


Holy shit soler got lucky 
Well maybe not. 
WTF? That was low and inside...
Make up call?  
There was nothing to make up for.
Ball 3 easily could have been called a strike.  
Not a fucking strike motherfucker
Wtf
ball 3 = maybe a strike. strike 3 = definitely ball 4.
1 fucking hit. This offense looks just awful.
So.. that looked like a ball. 
can we have our bats back please? :(  
I'm gonna go paint. 
This is like watching the late May to June Cubs.

Trying so hard to be positi...
Neither of those pitches were strikes
I've seen so many boner pill ads during these games.
Every swing going for the moon. No need.
This offense is just shitting the bed.  Getting hard to remain hopeful.  Boy ...
There's 5 fucking innings left, we've already tied it  up twice in the 9th an...
Memories of years past, I suppose. It's not right but I can't apologize for h...
Well the general negative attitude has made game threads toxic this entire po...
I agree.  I'm taking a break from the thread right now.  Gotta put the kids t...
There. Now cut Solar power some slack. 
Its weird seeing baez have the opportunity to make an impossible play and mis...
Hit it too good? Really?
I know right? Should be *well*. Not to mention he got out lol.
Seriously Joe Buck is a fucking disgrace
"He never would have gotten him."

Fuck you. Have you seen Javi play?
Javy is so good we expect him to make that play.
Pitchers duel for days.
Larry King is hovering over home plate
The best part of this thread is the Hill jokes. They're cracking me up. 
Rich Hill looks like he's related Stuart from MadTV. Maybe a cousin.
Jake pls 
you've been fucking calling that a strike all night
Yes! Strike three!... Wait...
Where was that pitch??????????
Not as far in as strike 2 on Kris was in game 2
WHERE IS THE FUCKING STRIKE ZONE
Nice pitch, Jake.
Damn. That didn't look like it had enough gas.
Goddamn it. 
Just fuck.
This displeases me.
http://i.imgur.com/ED4QUAl.png
Well that is less than ideal
Joe needs to get these guys back to playing their game 
Good thing we're relaxed, right?
[NEVER FORGET THAT WE CAN COME BACK](http://www.fangraphs.com/wins.aspx?date=...
Bats are going to wake up after Hill had a long time to sit. Let's fucking do...
I think Javy re-tagged Reddick's hip. With two challenges available in the po...
Too much hate not enough love and faith in game 3 of the series. 
We're down 3 runs and the Cubs have literally never once come back from such ...
Hossa just got his 500th.
Babip strikes again.. and you said the curse wasn't real
how is this team supposed to score 3 runs when they won't even get 3 hits
Why is Contreras not playing 
Montero is the usual catcher for Arrieta. He's probably going to DH Or be sub...
Jake gets upset when Willson catches him.
Because every time he catches Jake, Jake does not pitch well.
Doesn't seem to matter today
Jake more comfortable with Miggy catching. I'm guessing he will PH for Jake e...
arrieta, give me a reason to say "fuck the DH"
Hawks, give us your energy!!!
This makes no sense. How can our offense be so bad in the playoffs?
Really good pitchers/teams because there's no last place teams in the playoff...
Rich hill and Matt Moore looked unhittable to this lineup. Idk if they are re...
Again, small sample sizes. You don't think a major league pitcher is capable ...
Only the NLCS
Didn't look great in the LDS either, in my opinion.
One hit. We have one hit through five.
Rich Hill isn't a pushover, look at his season.
Look at his career.
So? Look at Jake's before we got him.
He couldn't locate anything those first three innings 
3 hits in last 14 innings. Pathetic.
Four innings to go, there is time!!! Top of the order coming up, third time s...
All we need is one good inning. Top of order starts off the next inning. It's...
I picked a hell of a time to quit smoking weed. 
Top of the 6th.  That's where it gets good. 
Stryzzo!
There is plenty of baseball left sure but hell, the lack of hits is very disc...
#NOW. COME. THE. FUCK. ON. YOU. FUCKING. FUCKS. FREE. THE. FUCKING. BEAST!
#LET'S GO
Rich Hill looks like the sloth from Ice Age.
I decided to try smiling to see if it would help then Kris got a hit. Cheek a...
Now would be a GREAT time for Rizzo to shut a few people up
No one has swung at those 90mph meatballs Hill is leading batters off with. 
Please put in blanton
I think this is the day where Rizzo evolves from huggable teddy bear to dange...
2016 Cy Young Rich Hill comfirmed by Cubs hitters
Rizzo and Russell are absolutely shit right now. What the fuck. 
Man someone take Rizzo to the clubhouse and sneak him a joint. Dude is stuck ...
I seriously respect and envy those in this thread still super positive.  Real...
This is basically a best of five series now. With the dodgers about to take g...
Game 4 lineup:

Dex cf

Contreras LF

Bryant 3b

Baez SS

Rizzo 1b

Zobrist 2...
I'd do this against Urias

1- fowler cf
2- Bryant 3b
3- Baez SS
4- zobrist 2b...
Fuck heyward. Don't wanna see him ever start again
Has to be a major shakeup for sure, and definitely need to not start Lackey. 
If we start lackey tomorrow I will questions Joes sanity. 
Ideal lineup

Bryant

Bryant

Bryant

Bryant

Bryant

Bryant

Bryant

Bryant
...
Need coghlan too
Not vs lhp 
Can Arrieta play 1st?
Rocket Mortgage, for when you can't wait to blast off into another housing cr...
Alright. Game over.
I don't even know what to fucking say anymore. It's really hard to stay posit...
Pitching change: "TRAVIS WOODS"... c'mon FOX
Facing Alex Gonzalez. This whole game is fucked
The all star break is tomorrow, right?
I honestly don't even know what's wrong with this team right now. Like why ca...
Goddammit Cubs. Fix this please.
Soooo throw Montgomery tomorrow?
Boy I thought the Cubs were going to have trouble outhitting the Indians but ...
It's pretty obvious they're playing tight right now.   They're making very un...
However down you are, it's cool that we have Bryant and Russell to catch thos...
We can't hit curveballs, let's see if they can 
If nothing else just get a few hits to get that confidence up 
LETS FUCKING SHELL BLANTON!!!!!!!! Go Cubs Go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Come on Cubs!!!! I believe!
4 hits in 2 fucking games 
People said last night it was Kershaw being kershaw. I didn't think he was th...
Story of the night. 

Nice hard hit ball... right into a glove.
Russell 1/24 this postseason. Why god. 
[Literally every bad call has gone against the Cubs tonight](https://twitter....
[**@CubsUmp**](https://twitter.com/CubsUmp/)

> [2016-10-19 02:33 UTC](http...
It's two games in a row the calls have heavily favored the Dodgers.   But don...
16 innings with out a run 
Ummm can we get some interference? Blantons right in the fucking way
Why isn't that interference on Blanton for being in the baseline?
How was that not obstruction? Blanton was blocking the path to the bag.
How wasn't that obstruction?
He was obstructing the fielder more than the runner.
He was in the basepath! Can't obstruct much more than that.
But he was also obstructing the baserunner. That's all that would matter as f...
lol Heyward batting for Russell
I call bullshit with Blanton in the way on that play though. 
And Joe trusted him over russell. 
What has Russell done? Can't trust either. Might as well change 
Agreed. I meant it more as a "let that sink in" comment.
WOW. Heyward somehow comes into onto this clusterfuck and still manages the w...
A middle schooler could pitch against the Cubs right now.
What the fuck is ha...
I bet the ratings will take a hit in this one. Been a disheartening mess for ...
Wow Heyward. Just fucking wow. I could have gone up there and done that.
And the Hawks just choked a 4-0 lead..... What the fuck is happening
Oh man. This is so rough watching our guys take fastballs right down the midd...
Heyward... I I can't anymore
It's not like we would have been better off with russel at the plate.
True, but that was just such a shitty AB
Addi did make nice contact the previous at bat. But yeah prolly not. 
I gotta admit. This is really fucking boring
Not gonna lie this is rough. Stay positive
We need to sacrifice a live chicken
Lol blackhawks gonna make sure I kill myself tonight
They started sucking as soon as we all tuned away from the cubs
I just watched my Coyotes lose 7-4 on top of this fucking bullshit excuse of ...
If tonight isn't a wake up call I don't know what is. I believe we can pull t...
/r/eyebleach

Just in case you're feeling as shitty as I am
Flyers just came back from a 4-0 deficit...
So the Cubbies can too!
Which means the Hawks just sacrificed a win for the cubs to come back and win...
it was 4-1 going into the third.  They scored 3 goals in like 5 minutes, and ...
Anthony in the dugout is giving me feels. 
Despite the strikeout just now, Contreras needs to be playing a lot more. He'...
It sucks that our motto is "hit it where they are"
This Geiko commercial is good lmao.
its rally time!!
Go away skip
Skip skip! 
Sigh.
Swinging for the fences there.
Two outs and a man on, down four. That's the time to swing for the fences. No...
At least the Hawks aren't sucking right now.
They were for a while. Much better now

Edit: referring to them blowing a 4-0...
That opening loss to the Blues sucked almost as bad as the postseason loss.  
Montgomery is a workhorse
Montgomery and Baez co-MVPs for the cubs
and Bryant. not his fault the guys behind and after him arent doing jackshit
You're definitely right. I agree
Except he struck out with Fowler on second and a chance for us to get on the ...
yeah, its not like hes hitting .300+ or anything and had a clutch 2 run homer...
I mean that's great and all. But an RBI there maybe loosens the whole team up...
Can we take a moment to talk about kris bryants hairline on his neck 
3-4-5 hitters next half inning... Shit
9-9-9 hitters you mean.
That should never be a thought
It's like bizarro baseball
MOTHERFUCKER KILL ME NOW
Yea we're pretty much done, we're doing exactly nothing right.
This is just getting embarrassing. Dodgers are having their fucking way.
The dodgers now have as many RUNS this game as we have HITS over the last 2 g...
Must be nice to have a runner score from 3rd with only 1 out
The pressure and stress has seem to got to Baez too now
He just had his eyes on the runner, not on the ball
Not sure if that is it. He's missed two difficult balls
#a bloop and a bloop and a bloop and a bloop and a bloop and a blast pls
Bloops everywhere.
One bloop, Two Bloop

Three Bloop, Four

Five Bloop...

BLAST
Come on boys, score a run at the least...
Well on the bright side, if we score seven runs in this inning and win the ga...
Seems like forever ago when we came back in the ninth against the Giants. But...
[CLG Cubs](http://onlinefanatic.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/2013-Worlds-Mo...
i think we TL cubs since we won first round then lose second haha but it ain'...
This meme isn't any fun when it's about your team :(
God I hate Joe Buck. 
Someone has to have a 6 run 9th. Why not today 
It's a good thing that the series does not end tonight.  There is still some ...
Wow a closer that can close more than 1 inning unbelievable
We need to do a better job of stealing signs.
So I take it we are going to learn to hit the curve ball in the off season
Every year we have the people complaining that everybody isn't staying 100% p...
You say this like this team has shit the bed after more than 1 NLDS. They are...
lol at the people trying to say this is only a "one year" trend.

Apparently ...
Seriously. 

We're 7 ducking games in and the offense has done fuck all for a...
It is tough to stay positive when you've consistently gotten fucked over ever...
Thats what I think too.  My grandpa is a Cubs fan, my dad is a Cub's fan, I'm...
I feel you man.  Just once, I would like to be proven wrong.  Damn Cubs.
It's literally been 1 year. 
Hardly a trend. But I get what you're saying and...
Agreed. 
Double agreed
New fans are so innocent, they haven't had their hearts ripped out countless ...
> Some of us are tired of the same story every year: completely checking out ...
Every year? Only if you became a Cubs fan last year. 
Hate to break it to you. They don't make it past the NLDS every year. This is...
Every year? I wish. 
You don't think I'm tired of that shit too? I just believe nothing good comes...
Nothing bad comes of unrelated peoples' negative energy either. It's just noise.
Yea it does. It helps no one. I mostly ignore but it breeds a toxic atmospher...
I'm just thinking that no matter what when you lose in this fashion there's g...
Man I'm glad to see you here. I've tried to be positive tonight but holy cow ...
It's rough. Glad you're here too, let's kill'em with positivity! Or just kill...
It's starting to effect me if I'm being honest. Between the Cubs struggles an...
Ding ding ding.  This right here.  Nothing good is gonna come from it.  It'll...
Why is everyone acting like it's the 9th? I know we're cold but SHIT! We stil...
have you seen our offense lately?
Pink hat fans sir or ma'am.
We cant win 100 games today tho.
Thought I was on the Cardinals sub for a minute with all the whining about be...
But the ump has been objectively terrible 
How many calls has he missed for each team?
Seriously, the strike zone is fine. Perhaps more precisely, we aren't getting...
Save this comment.
Cubs are going to win 8-3.
I'll send you beer money for a 6 pack via venmo of this happens. Hope I have to 
Are we being told to not swing at any pitches down the middle? Because all se...
At what point do we put Baez at short, Zo at 2nd, and Contreras in left?
Has to be soon. Russell is killing us 
And I get Zobrist hasn't been hitting either, but I feel like he's been at le...
He's had good at bats , though. Russell has not 
If Russell doesn't get some production in this game. I'd bet on it for game 4. 
And why did we move La Stella off the roster 
Dodgers haven't hit lefties well all season, so we added Little Z in the pen.
Should have been today
Game 4.
Fucking feels like 10-0. 
With the way we're hitting 3 runs is like 10
We don't deserve to win when we can only muster up ONE hit against Rich fucki...
Corey Seager uses axe body spray
Guys the Cubs haven't scored 100 runs yet, better cut off my own dick with a ...
om nom nom
The problem isnt that we haven't scores 100 runs, it's the fact that we haven...
2007: That curveball is so fucking awesome!

2016: That fucking curveball.......
I love Rizzo, but fuck him right now. After that strikeout he's batting .040 ...
[deleted]
Same thing that happened to them last year.

I have no fucking idea.
Almora, Contreras, Ross, Coghlan. There's no way one of them can't do better ...
If I was joe I would be holding a gun to everyone's head in the dugout rn
If I was Theo I'd be holding a gun to Mallee
HOT TAKE!
I legitimately don't understand how were were getting this unlucky
we've reached the part of the night where the negative people are complaining...
Alright, how about this for the game 4 lineup:


Fowler 		CF

Bryant 		1B

Zo...
Hes not sitting rizzo. Also fuck cogs. He sucks. Do not start him
 
Cogs was great in September
Its a lefty tomorrow. Pass
I'm fine with that. I need Heyward, Russell, and Rizzo to not be on the field.
Yes! We need Contreras out there and Heyward needs to be on the bench against...
I would be very wary of Bryant at 1B defensively is my main issue here but we...
Yes.
Fuck it, I'll try anything at this point
I'd definitely rather see almora in than heyward, and Willy in as well as cogs
C Contreras  
LF Soler 

makes way more sense against an LHP. Also, Coghlan i...
TBH I don't want to see Soler in the playoffs unless he's a DH.
Well that's stupid (not as stupid as starting the mascot Kawasaki, but still ...
Kawasaki would win this game singlehandedly if only we could put him in.
Do it in the 8th guys. I believe in you!
It's going to be two straight scoreless games. Thats just pathetic, it honest...
What did Fowler just do? What's that called again? 
The blackhawks scored more tonight than the cubs have hits past 2 games.
Good for them.
7 fucking goals. 
They scored more goals than the Cubs have hits the last two games.
So... 1?
At least at this rate there won't be anything so painful as to inspire an ESP...
Keep your heads up.  I am posting this in the bottom of the 8th.  We have a g...
I feel like the blowout will light a fire under their asses's more than a 1-0...
If we lose tonight we're only down 2-1 in the series. If we gonna lose a game...
Truth. Preach my man.
Buckets UP

Pants OFF

GO CUBS!
WOOOWOOOO
Watch two pitches right down the middle, swing at one at his feet. Fuck you H...
Brb buying a dodgers shirt, every time I buy a team shirt that team loses at ...
Ha, thank you for helping the cause!
I will gladly waste some
Money to help the Cubs 
If we played the Reds in a series right now we would get swept.
you do know we won game one right?
By some miracle. You realize our team is batting under .100 this post season ...
Bill Murray deserves better Cubs than this 
LOL NOT EVEN A BIG DEAL RIGHT POSITIVE PEOPLE?!?!?! JUST SO MUCH BASEBALL LEFT
Such baseball much doge
EVERY REASON TO BELIEVE THEY WILL TURN IT AROUND!

DON'T MIND THE FACT THAT N...
Yes there is. 
Convinced yet, you overly positive new Cub fans? This is exactly the shit we'...
BUT BUT DIFFERENT CUBS AND DIFFERENT OWNERS AND SOMETHING SOMETHING AIN'T AFR...
Nope.  Still not convinced. It ain't over til it's over. 
You'll learn, grasshopper. 
This isn't on Jake. If an offense is proving its complete inept, the pitcher ...
Its om everyone including the coaches and umps 
4 runs in 5 innings is nowhere near "good"
To be fair, that pitch to Grandal was solid.
He was nitpicking. He knew he had little margin for error.
#OH LOOK, ANOTHER 1-2-3 INNING, THAT TOTALLY HAS NEVER HAPPENED TO THE CUBS T...
#just think about snowflakes and kittens. Stay positive!
I blame that in the ump. You can't give a guy 4 strikes.
#WEAREGOOD*    
    
    
*Results may vary in Postseason
OMFG ITS ON ^^^^in ^^^^3 ^^^^hours ^^^^:(
Well I'm already tired of Joe Fuck 
Rich Hill looks like a guy who'd fail to win the Republican Nomination for Pr...
I mean it's been bad...but Buck and Scmoltz are extra fucking Homer tonite. I...
I long for the day he says something stupid doing football with Aikman and Tr...
Fuck all the haters!!! We are in Rich Hill's head. We fucking got this shit!
Jorge. If Dex calls it,  you back the fuck off. 
Buck never passing up an opportunity to fellate Kershaw.
Good gravy! Joe Buck is a shit head. 
Hey Cubs bats that's how you hit with RISP. 
umps being one sided as usual

hill getting strikes way off the plate

arriet...
I'm only able to watch the game day app and they called a ball on Utley that ...
It's been pretty bad. Hill got one about 6 inches off the plate the inning be...
Was Bautista talking about the NLCS?
Rich hill looks like he works at a fucking bank or something.
Anyone thinks the series should be 2-2-1-1-1?
Would be good, but the travel and extending the series so long would make it ...
Way too much travel time.
Reddick looks like his parents might be related. 
Keep the faith, ya'll.  Cubs are a late scoring team.  Just be patient.
BREAKING NEWS: Cubs have scored 5 or more runs 4 out of 6 games this postseason.
Why has my entire life as a Cubs fan been like this? Bait the Worls Series ca...
We are playing in the NLCS. Forget the WS, this is an amazing time to be a Cu...
This is the life of ALL Cubs fans
We have top of the order next inning. We got this!
Where's the team full of young guys having fun all the time? 
final score 8-4 cubs 
Plz
You.  I like you.

Upvoting every positive comment and downvoting the negative from here on in. ...
From one Canadian Cubs fan to another,  I can dig it!  Getting a bit tired if...
Hey. I know you, have you seen my pet moose?!?!?!
I'm with you.  This is disappointing but not close to being over. 
However this series goes... please, do me one kindness, and hit a line drive ...
I'll get right on it. 
Alright this officially feels like Mets series last year. Everyone other than...
It's the exact same except the Dodgers aren't hitting 12 HR a game 
Spoke too soon
Rich Hill looks like a FUCKING finger puppet. And he's dick fucking us in the...
Kill yourself Joe Buck
#DIVINE BEACH BALL
THE BALL HAS SPOKEN!
Awesome. I was really hoping our offense would go stale in the NLCS 2 years i...
At least when the Mets were smoking us last year, Schwarber would poke one ou...
A great comeback will do more to change the direction of this series than a p...
RALLY TIME YOU CUNTS!
Oh wow banter buddy! I didn't know you had that in you! ðŸ˜‚
What you mean?
The C word lololol. I rarely use that one!
Ah yeah, I get agitated on occasion ya know :P

I almost started a brawl at a...
Lol I appreciate the laugh from that one
Cheers good sir or ma'am!
YOU GO WE GO YOU GO WE GO YOU GO WE GO YOU GO WE GO
Let's gooooooo! 
We need to pitch lefties against these guys. They can't hit them. Start leste...
#GETSOMEFUCKINGRUNS
Our pitching has been more than good enough. We just need our batters to wake...
4-0. Rich Hill's first post-season win. Lol...
Cubs are going to score at least 6 runs this game 
Inning*
Dominant through 5?  Guess you forgot that shit inning, eh Joe?  Fucking wanker.
You all pull it together this god damn instant. 

#I ain't afraid of no goats
Heart emoji
Still a lot of game left Cubs Bros! 
I still believe, but I'm sad
Guys. Remember. 103 wins. Best team in baseball. Be patient. 
Dont forget 108 years at stake
right now 103 doesn't even represent our batting average.
Doesn't mean anything in the post season, since #1 teams rarely win it all.
We can't hit anything. It's tough to be positive.
I'm frustrated, but yeah, this team obviously can go off and score in bunches
[deleted]
dude. I didnt get any sleep I've been up since 4 am, I'm nervous as fuck even...
That's kinda what I did in the game against San Francisco that went to extras...
Holy fuck I'm nervous you guys
haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

I just wanted...
Well that was a horrible Tribe game... please do better than they did, Cubs.
I hope the Cubs have better judgement than to throw their ace on short rest u...
Well we just lost to another team that did that.
Arrieta: Dodgers do you bleed...you will
Let's Go Cubs!!
I have plenty of booze and I'm scared shitless, let's do this
you guys like this beer?

https://www.beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/35363/142...
He's trying to get on our good side with our weakness, don't fall for it!!
ay but do u like it?
I'm not a beer snob, I drink it all my guy 
I'm a beer nerd but not a snob.  
I've never tried it, but I have the song stuck in my head now
Never tried it
Never seen it. Let me know how it is though I'll go out and find it. 
It's from your town.  I picked it up by chance today because it looked pretty...
Would anyone have put Almora in RF over Soler? Just curious what you guys sho...
Some people would, but I like Soler. If you value defense, use Heyward.
I'm not sure, but Maddon mentioned today that he wanted Soler's Soler Power.
I looked at the numbers, and Soler actually does really well against both fas...
That's excellent recon
Pete might actually be sober tonight.
"Baez is going to try to do to much if you move him up in the order"

Bat him...
Sounds like Pete, am I right?
Once again, here's hoping the FS1 Roku stream isn't bad.
Digorno's out-pizzas the Hut.
Stomach has been turning pretty much non-stop since lunch. 
[deleted]
In for 2....or 6
I got you
dibs
I'd love to but I have zero clue if I'll have class tomorrow or not.
Me!
Me!
I volunteer
I covered the day for you too
$10 says there's a sign somewhere in the crowd that says "Javy Boo-ez"
No signs allowed. 
Alright boys. Chance the Rapper has switched allegiances from Sox to Cubs. We...
Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit amphetamines.
Cubs should get a W flag that size
Tacos made. Beer chilled. A winning Cubs shirt donned. Let's do this. 
I HAD BEER AND TACOS TOO
#TACO TUESDAYS
who sang?
Look at those stats for the middle of our lineup. That cannot continue...
So, [this song](https://youtu.be/oT7xCWDQkXU) came on the radio just as the t...
Prediction: Cubs 5, Dodgers 2
let's go!!! grabbed a lagunitas. last time I had the little sumpin ale was be...
At my son's story time there were 6 children out of 8 in Cubbie shirts (mine ...
For all my local Cubs fans: I'm watching the game at Deuce's. If we win I'm j...
Is it crowded? 
Nah not really. Should be IMO. But fuck Old Crow for reasons I don't feel lik...
Yea fuck old crow. No need to say more. 
But that new rooftop is *so* nice. 
At the game guys. Let's do this!!!
Get loud!!!
We are but 3 up 3 down ain't gonna cut it. 
Jake loves them dark blue away jerseys. Just like Big Z. 
Blues >> Greys
100%
That bow tie is hideous
I thought they resurrected the corpse of Senator Paul Simon 
It's for an organization that helps build homes for veterans.
We should start an organization that provides better bow ties for veterans gr...
I could do without Joe Buck. Can the MLB get someone else?
Time to get some vengeance for 2008
stands are like 80% full. sad!
I thought it didn't sound loud. I'm listening to Hughes and Coomer. Is it rea...
from the weather and the looks of the crowd this looks like a regular reason ...
If the Cubs are stealing sigh we sure are fucking bad at it, Grandal is a fre...
Let's turn Rich Hill into Benny Hill.
I can't believe I'm going to have to look at Larry King's old ass all game lo...
I hope we hit that big looping curveball into oblivion 
Yeah, Bryant walking away before he even made the call. 
Why is this ump screaming at me.
Fuck Hill looks good
He's missing location with his fastball.
His curve is pretty nasty though
His fastball just struck out the presumptive NL MVP looking.
We look at way too many good pitches 
Man that was a GREAT pitch sequence by Hill.  Damn.
Oh shit Larry king lookin like a muppet behind home plate
Why is Bryany looking at so many strike threes down the chute?
540 comments already guys? Jeebus.
We were over 200 when the pre-game show started.
Nice. 
If you imagine everything Joe Buck says is on purpose to troll Cubs fans it's...
Meh, we ARE facing the best of the best. Lots of ball to play!
go jump off a fucking cliff joe buck
We need somebody not named Bryant or Baez to step up this game at the plate. 
Them too please! ðŸ˜†
I'm thinking El Presidente will again. 
As nice as that would be, I am hoping a position player steps up.  Can't keep...
a whooping 11 pitches to get through this half inning. It seems like our impa...
Damn it's the first inning guys
Ok.. I have my Mark Grace lucky jersey and my 1918 logo lucky hat. About to o...
Hill looked good through the first half of 1. Let's see the President match t...
Utley is 0 for 13 against Arrieta.
Jake is "forgotten"? What does that mean?
That movement is so sexy.
Helicopters, we need them
Arietta forgotten guy??? wtf?
Lester and Hendricks getting Cy talk, not Arrieta.
Ahh ok.
I wish Arrieta always plays how he first starts

edit: EVERY FUCKING TIME I S...
Shocker a Seager first inning hit. Glad we got that out of the way. 
Well, there goes the no hitter
Ok, I'm here it's fine guys. 
In every one of those keys to the game since the nlds the opposing team's key...
Once again, our pitchers are getting squeezed.
Way to own that right handed pitching Turner
Not gonna lie, I gasped.
Everyone needs to calm their tits. It was just one inning, we will be alright...
someone hit a 500ft tater and lighten things up here
Why would I want to pay for a WiFi connection for my car? 
My kids would kill for WiFi on long car rides. I can't imagine wanting it all...
just use your phone as a hot spot
Listen to pandora or Spotify without burning up your phone data plan. 
One of those umps looked like Alex Trebek without a mustache
I have a feeling that number 44 will win this battle 

EDIT: AND 44 PREVAILS ...
GOOD AB RIZZ!
Holy shit what a take. That's impressive. 
Great AB Rizz
That was an absolutely beautiful AB by Riz
GREAT AB Rizz
That's good to see! Atta babe Rizz!
ANTHONY GOOD JOB!
I will TAKE that AB Rizzo, you sexy SOB
That's a boy Rizz. Drive up that pitch count. 
9 pitch ab. that's what you need! 
Good job, Rizzo!
That was technically not a strike Smoltz pipe it
Good AB by Rizzo. Make him work for it. 
Fuck yeah. Good AB Mr. Rizzo
That's what I like to see Rizz
There's couple pitches Rizzo could have drive over the right field wall in th...
attaboy rizz!

question about someone who never played baseball: why ''chokin...
Basically, it shortens the bat allowing for greater control but less power (s...
You have better control of the bat because there's less of it past the fulcru...
Minimizes the length of. At you have to bring around in your swing. So you cr...
More bat control, less power I believe correct me if I'm wrong please 
Gives you a more contact swing. Better bat control and a quicker swing in cas...
more control over the bat, more contact
They always say the end of a slump starts with walks. He is seeing the ball b...
Ill take a walk. That was a good ab by rizzo
Great ab mr Riz
His approach today looks SOOOOO much better
Mound meeting
Cubs must be stealing signs
/s
I hope Larry King is enjoying his soup. 
Hill is looking a bit rattled with that throw...just stay in there Javy.
JAVY YOU CAN TAKE WALKS SOMETIMES 
Rich Hill looks like that sketchy drunk uncle.
Not even close
I fail to see how that's a strike.
Not a strike ump
THE FUCK IS THIS STRIKEZONE
Hill is throwing A LOT of pitches early. Definitely like where this is headed...
At the very least he's working this inning 
Making Hill work this inning.  Usually leads to good results.
Schwarber ðŸ˜‡ðŸ˜‡ðŸ˜‡ðŸ˜‡ðŸ˜‡
Rizzo hitting Hill with the Henry Rowengarner at first base 
Rizzos gonna start having to pay rent for living in Hills head.
RIZZO!!!

/r/madlads
MIND = DICKED
great job rizzo
What in the fuck just happened
Rizzo with the biggest fuck-you ever
LOL Rizzo just said "IN YOUR FACE!"
LMAO FUCK YOU
Rizzo playing mind games haha. Love it!
Haha Rizzo that was hilarious.
YESSIR 
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Awesome! ðŸ˜‚
Lol good steal Rizzo
OMG. ITS MAGIC!
LOL RIZZO WITH THE WHEELS
#that is fucking hilarious
LOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
Legendary lmao
Rizzo stole second, and now he can steal some signs!!
THAT'S HOW YOU DO IT RIZZO

FUCK YOU
HOLY SHIT!

Bahaha
THE MASTERMIND. RIZZ WENT TO HENDRICKS SCHOOL OF WIZARDRY
Holy shit mind games lol
GETTING TO HIS HEAD
DAMN RIGHT
Cubs. Dodger heads. In. 
thats some damn genius base running
That was awesome.  Nice job, rizzo
Rizz is in your head now, Rich
"It's magic"
Hahahahahahahahahaha Go Speed Rizzo, GO!
did rizzo just steal? wtf? did someone roofie my beer?
Hardest I've laughed at a baseball game in a while with that steal.
What's Hill's pitch count to 1st base?
VERY good AB by Rizzo and now Soler. Laid off that inside curve. Good shit. L...
Don't fucking spoil this opportunity, Addi.
Grandal is so paranoid. Put on your tin foil hats. Lol Rizzo giving signs...
Ok when the on field audio keeps cutting out are they cutting out cussing or ...
FS1 sucks
Yea I think there is a delay so they can hit the emergency mute button in cas...
Yeah I keep having that happen too.
Kane scored! Hawks up 1-0!
Hawks scored in the first minute FYI 
Do we know their sign for "passed ball"?
Come on, Addy... That was your time, man!
If he dont fucking score.............
Please walk Miggy. Arrieta hungry
that was bad...atleast we made him work?
Fuck balls.
for fuck's sake guys...
Dammit...how did we not score in that inning? Hill was imploding
The stranded runners will be our downfall. Let's capitalize fellas!
At least he's at 40 pitches already 
Goddamnit. Way to waste a golden opportunity to score a few runs.
Jesus fucking christ.
Im really worried about Addy, hes lost at sea right now
I think he's always kind of lost at sea against left-handed hooks though
I think a relief pitcher might be doing better at the plate than he is now......
Damn. Guess that means the imminent Arrieta bomb will just be a solo HR
my balls are about as blue as Chicago's jerseys :(
man if only Javy was in that position... JK we got this boys!
It was a great pitch and Addison got aggresive. Rizzo and Jorge had it right ...
We got hills ass next inning, fuck that shit
I'd rather have Contreras's glove in left than Russell's bat in the lineup fo...
Larry King went to piss!!!
That's just amateur.
Difference between Soler and Heyward right there. Jesus christ
Larry king is gone, must be past his bedtime
Nope he's still there
he's back he probably had to take some garlique
wow soler was the one that got bowled over?

color me impressed
Must of been Fowler's belt
Schwarber literally died when he and Fowler collided. Fowler is made of concr...
For reals, I don't think 10 of me could bowl Soler over
#SOLERVIVOR
The wild adventures of Jorge!
You gotta give way to the CF there Jorge.
Duuuude....when someone calls it, LAY OFF!  
edit: pay attention...or...somet...
They were both calling for it and just couldn't hear each other 
Arrieta looks disgusting at least
Two things I'm frustrated by overall by the Cubs lately:

1. Leaving runners ...
the Bryant AB really triggered me
Bryant might've peeked at the catcher setting up way outside. Hill missed his...
Jake looking so nasty rn
Jake fucking dealing.
That was a great inning from Jake
[deleted]
Every time Jake throws that slutter,  I have dirty thoughts. 
slutter = slider + cutter?
Yes
Seems legit. 
Cali Jake OP
Jake man, Jake.
oooooooooooh yeah jake b FUCKIN NOW, FAM
Jake certainly seems on.
Am I the only one noticing the stadium's sound starts at like 200% volume eve...
You just know Dexy is gonna have a word with Jorge. He really looked so pisse...
Jesus i thought I wouldn't have to see any more of Buster Posey. Thanks a lot...
Just what we need more in game interviews.
First pitch swinging, Dex.
in game interviews are terrible. 
Bryant looking at fastballs again...
When does BABIP stop fucking us?
Now apparently.
When the baseball gods see fit.
I dunno, but it really is fucking awful. I wanna say that Rizzo has a sub-.10...
Stop complaining, Hill. You don't have the game 2 ump...
Basehit!
Just expect the curve every time and you'll be right 80% of the time. No? 
He throws like three of them 
Sure but it's timing and all three of those curves are off-speed pitches. The...
They all break different ways 
I know. They're also all the same speed. 
But speed change isn't the only thing that makes breaking balls difficult to ...
Dude, I'm not stupid. I'm saying if you can eliminate guessing half of the pr...
Oh okay. I figured I was misunderstanding but lord knows that wasn't going to...
Hill is more 50/50, but not all his curveballs break the same.
He's over 50% so far tonight though. He threw 20 curves in the 2nd. 
This team needs to get its head out of its ass real quick.
Utley almost got Utleyed 
Don't get my hopes upâ€¦
Welllllllll it looks like I'm in a very agitated mood and any dissenting is g...
.... I kind of wanna hear this. 
    ***** 
I have a boyfriend, but the thought of hearing scottish swearwords is not a b...
*tut tut*
No worries, they'll be unintelligible.  
Man I'm so grumpy right now.
Well, my boss invited me out to dinner tonight, so looks like I'll be missing...
Big pop-up there
Whiskey drink counter: 2
Fuck
Fucking hell
"Corey Seager is 0-15 with RISP"   
\*gets RBI next pitch*   
welp. 
Keep your gross-ass gum in your mouth Seager. 
Feeling a Cubs run this inning
This inning we have to show signs of life.  Have to.  As Pat Hughes would say...
Time to put some runs up on that board!
I'm sick of feeling happy that we simply get to 2-0 on a count.  We have to g...
C'mon, rizz. Hill isn't this good.
Rizzo's AB's are starting to look a lot better if nothing else. Sign of life
these bats feel like Mets NLCS bats :( not to contribute to GDT cancer, but c...
I'm 90% sure I'm going  to get stabbed at this game
eh, it's not like you're in oakland
I once saw a dodger fan beat a man up while he was holding his som
The fuck is wrong with people.
And wasn't it dodgers fans that put that giants fan in a coma a couple years ...
Hills not even having a good game. This is embrassing
Willy Baez Hayes. 
I will be very surprised if this team scores a single run this game. But I am...
Gonna go watch the hawks for awhile
It's like they all at the same time have become so consciously aware that the...
These guys need to ease up and get their confidence back. They're guessing wa...
Somebody.  Please.
Great take Jorge.
Can this ump see?
Are you serious?|
Big lineup changes and the same result.
A lot of these pitches are super hard to interpret.
Some exciting baseball
Fuck me, what the hell is wrong with our offense
Weird fuckin calls
We're a late inning team anyway
Oh FFS!
I know to stay far away from this thread tonight. Just stopping in to remind ...
Probably not much going on in the 5th but in the 6th we should have the top o...
Did Triple H just show up?
Give me a break - they get a base runner of that shit? Sometimes baseball is ...
Tag was perfectly off exactly when Reddick was off the bag. Smh
Come on Miggy. Chill.
Moar strikeouts plz.
Yea Jake is having a nasty game.

Right so fucking nasty
uh oh :(
Damn it...
Well, poop. Poop, poop, poop. 
I dont know what to feel right now
Well, fuck. 
It all starts with getting on base.
I want to punch things.
...
Just fuck my shit up 
this isn't as fun as I was hoping it would be
Jake has been a ghost of his former self the second half 
Well fuck everything right now unless our guys decide to remember that they w...
8th inning magic please
How about 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, and 9th inning magic?
This whole team is fucking terrible right now. Like they're just happy they c...
OFFENSE BETTER WAKE THE FUCK UP!!!!
Hill isn't that good. We can score runs. We've done it before, we'll do it ag...
Let's see if the Cubs have another comeback in them.
Yeah so I need to start making stiffer drinks. 
Russell is Isa bottomless pit of terrible at bats right now
That hard hit ball for an out? Terrible AB?
He has either struck out or had weak contact in 90% of his at bats the last m...
This series is a prime example in the argument in favor of the robot umpires....
This is why I want robot strike/ball calls.
100% accuracy would only help the...
Even the smallest of improvements would be a benefit at this rate.
Bryant, Baez, and our pitchers have been our entire offense through the NLDS ...
Is there any way we can play a quick game against the Reds?
I feel like doing that would just fuck up our mechanics even more. That could...
Every time we played the Reds it gave the offense a little resurgence. All we...
#LET'S GET SOME RUNS!
Can we stop hitting at people fuck BABIP
500 goals for Hossa!
Well, Hoss just potted #500! So, there's that...
Why do our bats always die in the NLCS? Regardless, we WILL win tonight 
Broken bat or that would've been a solid line drive :(
This is tough to watch 
Cubs 3-4-5 hitters gets it's own stat. Just fuck my shit up
Might as well show hitters 1-9. Same stat
Holy shit no solid contact, hit right at people this is so God damn frustrating 
Somehow someway we need to get some momentum back 
"Rich Hill dominant through 5"

lol
Just can't catch a break here. Hard hit balls aren't finding gaps. Bloops are...
When game5?
Can't win in 6 unless we lose two along the way...
Yeah right in time for Jansen to come out.
The fucking at bats just keep getting shittier
à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤ CUBS TAKE MY ENERGY à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤


2 quick ones. Here we go.
Fuck it I'm going Lester tomorrow for game 4. Then if needed we get him game ...
Dat breaking ball tho.
Let's go Cubs, give me something to cheer for
Lets do this.  Top of the order.  String together some hits and lets go.
Good quick inning, now lets go get em boys! Top of the order! Dex starts it o...
There you go Jake!  Top of the order. Let's do this. 
How can a team that was so hot at the plate completely disappear in the playo...
Rich Hill isn't a scrub.
Top of the line up coming up. I believe.
Alright, thanks Jake. Now let's get some runs.
Top of the order, lets fucking go boyyyyys
My rally dog is here, we shall prevail!
What happened to the offense
Ain't that the question of the week
15 scoreless innings , 6 against a pitcher having a bad game
Patience. Patience. Patience.
We need to clone bryant
Just need to clone KB
Bryant's back is going to break due to how hard he's trying to carry this team.
Thank god for Bryant, hope the guys behind him follow his lead.  LETS GO!  Sh...
What up Kris
KB 
Fucking pathetic
#ðŸŽ¶FUCK THE DOD-GERSðŸŽ¶
ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘
Cant even blame the Dodgers, were just playing like ass
Fuck the dodgers
I honestly can't believe this shit. Doesn't even feel like I'm watching the s...
Damn the body language of everyone not named baez or Bryant is terrible. 
To be fair, the performance of everyone not named Baez or Bryant has been ter...
Lol quite true. Zobrist looked like sad Charlie brown walking away after that...
GIMME BLANTON
LETS GO!
Haha 2 step lead is generous
If we don't score Joe should start Lester game 4 along with eveyrone on our b...
Fuck.This.Offense
FUCK
For the love of Theo please can somebody besides Bryant hit?!?!
I'm ready for some Javy magic
:(
Get fucking Jake out!!! Holy shit!!!!
This team struggled with RISP all year.  Now they can't hit at all.  They may...
The Cubs were the [8th best offense in the majors](http://www.fangraphs.com/l...
True, but show me RISP with less than two outs, or with bases loaded. Because...
Woopty shit. I watched the games.  They sucked with men on.  This sub is full...
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cognitive_biases
go screw
Quite a few of us pointed it out and would say "this could hurt us in the pos...
Oh I know.  I got downvoted for saying it too.
we're getting our fucking asses kicked
What a shit show. 
#*oh boy*
I just don't see how we come back from this.
Bring in Contreras, Coglan, Almora, anybody.
We have nothing to lose.
Look, someone swung at the first pitch!
I feel physically ill
I'm calling it a night boys, I'll restock on the beer and join you fine peopl...
Hello gaping pain the chest, haven't felt you for a while.
That hurt.
Arrieta needs to get back on those steroids man.  Just kidding.   But come on...
that's precisely what I wanted cubs hitters to do. fucking attack the first p...
At least the hawks don't curl up and die.
Jake really disappointed. Hasn't been the same since last postseason. 
That Montero grand slam seems like a distant dream.
Looks like Lester is going 1 4 7
That's a terrible development. And yet....



This is fucking baseball.
I'm trying really hard to stay positive.  I still feel like Hill is going to ...
Love to see the Cubs offense start attacking.
Incredibly pissed off but still whatever I'm hoping our bats can do something...
I don't think we should change anything. But how many times is Bryant going t...
Maybe one more time.
Can't blame Jake if they don't score a run...
Yeah - except you know, giving up four doesn't help. It's not all on him, but...
I'd bet he tweaked something and is playing through it. I'd say he probably c...
I know we can still win this but it's such a stretch. I'm just beyond frustra...
Kershaw and Hill are not mediocre pitchers. People keep posting in this threa...
No one said Kershaw was mediocre what the fuck are you talking about? As for ...
Who cares if Hill is a journeyman? He had a great season this year when healt...
Not counting us out yet but going in this was what I was worry about, that ha...
Knowing what happens to the Dodgers when a lefty pitches, I can't defend not ...
It's gonna be fucking annoying seeing some of these playoff clips in next yea...
Well I guess playing some GTA won't hurt 
Give me dongs. Or give me death.
Give me a shit load of singles and no outs
Yes please. Just a disheartening, crowd-killing inning. 
Here comes Cubs MVP Joe Blanton
This is the inning. I can feel it. 
ok...rally tiem???
Rallie tiem!!!!!!
Well recovered, Javy.  
I feel like even some defensive magic would ignite so...
SHOW ME THOSE BUCKETS
Waddup.
BLANTON BOIS
http://i.imgur.com/kY4xhaC.gifv
Baez

Soler

Russell

Go get him, boys!
Can the Hawks give the Cubs their score? 
can I have just one fucking run please? Just give me one fucking run to give ...
If there's one thing I've learned from watching these Cubs is to never give u...
[deleted]
I'm sure Fox will tell you 80 times if they get close. I've already turned of...
Sleeper Agent Blanton: activate âœ“ 
I am no coach, but a few times in the season there were stretches of games wh...
Watching this offense [like](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-rgJv_zxFlk4/Vgr8KcVoRo...
Can't catch a goddamned break.
'I say "Fuck you Jobu", I do it myself.'
Hard hit at a fielder, hell of a time to have one of those night.
Can we see turner catch that a little slower next time?
That ginger has no soul. He's sucking up all the cubs' energy.
#GREAT FUCKING HUSTLE
Even though he's out, that's the kind of shit I want to see. Great hustle by ...
No it's not. It's literally been proven time and time again diving is slower ...
Thats not the point I was trying to make necessarily. But at least he's showi...
It was a forced dive because Blanton was obstructing. Had nothing to do with ...
Exactly! We need to start going hard, every ball.
The fox announcers suck. I mean, cripes. I tend to be an even-handed guy, and...
I'm utterly lost because the FS1 channel on tv has absolutely no broadcaster ...
I'm envious.
~~First stroke of dumb luck this night.~~

After further review, we're still ...
Yeah and it gets overturned. It goes to show how bad these umps are though 
Either way, Cogs put it all out there. Maybe that can spark something.
Yeah out by a mile God damn what a bad call
lol wtf so a pitcher can stand in the lane now?

Sad that I'm happier with J batting for Addi.
Where'd my country go?  Where'd my cubbies go?
So many fast balls taken right up the middle 
But WAR!
What a fucking shitshow. Jesus. 
Cogs fucked up, diving slows you down. It's been proven time and time again. ...
to be fair, Blanton was blocking the base. Only way he reaches the bag is to ...
He thought the pitcher would field it, in which case diving makes it harder t...
I love that hustle from Coughlin, unfortunate that he was out by a half a sec...
A fucking train wreck before all our eyes
Heyward, Russell, and Rizzo need to go hit in the cage for about an hour tomo...
Oh look another disappointing inning
I'M AS MAD AS HELL AND I'M NOT GONNA TAKE THIS ANYMORE!!!
just fucking pathetic.  I don't even know what they can do at this point.
Wow this offense chokes hard in the LCS
good plan by Heyward. I'm gonna take these fastballs down the middle and swin...
Yep, a Viagra commercial, since we are't being fucked hard enough already.
Jason Heyward might even struggle in tee-ball.
That was an awful at bat by J-Hey... 8th and 9th have been the Cubs all posts...
What are the odds of winning this series after being down 2-1? Around 25-30% ...
More or less - which was our odds of winning it all when the post season star...
 Kershaw can only start one more game. Virtually 3-1 Dodgers at this point
I try to be positive, but this is fucking pathetic.
Ok guys I'm out.  I'm gonna finish watching the game without you sad sacks. 
6 outs. 4 runs. Also, 108 outs left. 
That Cubs commemorative bat commercial said the Cubs record was 100-62.  Weird.
Urias looks like a Van Gogh
Hawks have retaken the lead in the 3rd, so there's that
https://youtu.be/gzdWPwVTWsI
Lester needs to start tomorrow.
https://imgflip.com/i/1cl5w2#OTGzPEXHHOp2rg5Q.16
Well, that looks like it. 
Oh god Harry </3 
My tummy hurts
Well fuck
I'm done for the night. Fuck.
Aight. The TV has been muted since the 4th, I'll just rewatch some regular se...
This is just brutal ðŸ˜…
Getting runners across the plate. What a novel idea.
I don't know....sounds kinda crazy to me 
We need lou pinella going crazy on the umps to wake us up. 
Not sure how Boston fans felt after Game 3 ALCS vs Yankees in 2004 but we are...
score at least a fucking run god damn it.


Hoping that steal against them pisses them off and that wakes them up for tom...
I feel good about Lackey. 
Why must the cubs be all or nothing? Losing games where we play well would be...
Well, at the end of the day it's one game.  We win tomorrow, and we're right ...
Uh... What home field advantage? We'll be playing Game 5 at LA.
As in we would only have to win our games at home.  We would just have to do ...
It's games like this why I'm so happy that I deactivated my facebook. The amo...
My Facebook isn't all that bad. This sub on the other hand is unbearable.
For the record when the mets swept us last year, they never shut us out. When...
Rich. Fucking. Hill. 
Average exit velocity for us tonight is around 7. 
Where can i place a $500 bet on LA to win this series? I have terrible luck, ...
That's called an "emotional hedge". I know them well...
Vegas or online sportsbook
Don't. Gambling on sports is just throwing your money away. Nobody knows what...
Ill be dead in 35 years from 65 years of watching the cubs
I could handle a loss but we blew it and got fucked up.
Just letting everyone know Hill and Kershaw are damn good pitchers. Tomorrow ...
We should have destroyed Hill.
We should have destroyed Hill.
Alright, Rizz...something different, eh?
This postseason

Team | Runs / Game
-|-
Nats | 4.8
Blue Jays | 4.29
Cubs | 4....
Is this our new curse? Best team in the reg season for several years to alway...
Rangers of the NL
I hope not but it is right now. 
That's how the Braves were, but at some point they did cash in on one.
Best team in reg season for one season. 
At least the hawks won. Kane had 4 points 
Who gives a shit honestly. They're not fighting for their lives in the postse...
As a hawks fan, I care that they won. Sorry if you don't 
Thank you. Fuck silver linings on totally different clouds. 
Way to actually bring a smile to my face tonight, Hawks.  
500th g for hossa. But he got hurt
Wow. Addy puts the ball in play and we get a run. Wasted. Hes so bad right no...
So whose in left? 
Willson if hes not catching. Or soler. Or almora.
Contreras? Soler?
Idk I'm a royals fan 
yep

Don't lose faith, guys and gals!! We got this
We will come back.
They can score 1 run or 1000
It doesn't matter if the Cubs don't score
Everybody in here acting like they did during game 4 of the NLDS.
I mean, do you see any reason, based on the Cubs Postseason, that we should b...
So that means we're gonna have a dope rally!
Well it worked didn't it? ðŸ˜‰
The comments pointing out the negativity are worse than the actual negative c...
Well at least these guys know how to be Cubs in October. Better team than the...
Hill with the phantom zone.
Russel is killing me.
So fucking pissed off.  I need to take a walk.
Hey guys did you know a eager is 0-15 this post season oh wait.
I love how they get a RISP and immediately get him home, where we can't get a...
This is awful. Our bats are non-existent and Hill isn't even pitching well.
What do we do here? How do we get this team to loosen up and have fun again?
arietta is the only thing keeping us alive 
I've been saying it the entire season, Jake's control is an issue.
You're the only person who's noticed that.

^^^/s
A bigger issue is our lineup not hitting for SHIT
Its hard when you can't get a feel for the zone.
We're not scoring 4 runs unless somebody wakes the fuck up. 
We need to kill every fucking goat 
Fuck, that was just a good pitch from Hill
What an encouraging inning with the KB hit!! I just know were gonna come back...
Nevertheless I have faith!
why
Amen brother! 
Cubs look dead, someone needs to light a fire under their ass immediately
I'm only mad because I love this fucking team 
This doesnt seem to be the same team that I saw tear off a few 10+ win streak...
The 2016 Cubs had exactly one 10+ win streak.
My bad.  Thought they had a few.  Moot point at this time of the season.
1 game win streak?
How can we not hit Rich Hill? This is a terrible sign. They look like somethi...
Another ignorant Hill comment. 
Hill is trash
How? He had a 4 ERA and we are (allegedly) the best team in baseball. Theres ...
He had a 2.12 ERA on the year with a 1.00 WHIP, champ...
there's a 20 mph difference between his fastball and his curve. 
Cool.

We are the best team in baseball and he had a 4.something ERA. Theres ...
Will we score another run this series?
Maybe against the rookie but who knows. Anything is possible.
Maddon needs to stomp on that shit.
inb4Blanton1-2-3
I see we are using the term "strike" loosely tonight 
"takes a high strike" also known as a ball
I am not at a point in my life where I can root for the Cubs...but I will adm...
I want to see all 30 clubs represented here to tell us how bad our offense is...
I promised everyone I wouldn't be a dick this postseason.

Edit:  Except abou...
Looks like we have no shot. I mean, when's the last time we've scored 4 runs ...
Because we can count on historic 9th inning comebacks every time the offense ...
Obligatory Fuck EYBS
Well the players certainly look like they've given up.
[Because people apparently don't realize that Rich Hill has been really good ...
Are you forgetting about when we made Matt Moore look like a Cy Young? The pr...
Serious question: Why are you here? Why are you watching the game? I've never...
You didn't answer the question. Matt Moore shut us down.

I am a Cubs fan. Bu...
Because it's completely irrelevant. This lineup scored almost 5 runs per game...
A playoff game. And now two games in the NLCS. Once again, I'm glad that you'...
I think we all realize he was great.  But our offense was also great this sea...
I need to get a radio that syncs up with the tv.  Listening to pat and Ron wo...
DVR. Pause if the TV is ahead. Online radio, pause if the TV is behind, sync ...
The tv is never ahead.  Radio is pretty much no delay if anyway and TV will h...
That Chevy commercial needs to be eradicated from the earth. 
If you find a way to do it I will give you some money.
Incredible and Amazing mean the same thing stupid bitch
"It says business in the front and party in the back!"

Wish I'd see a little emotion out of these guys. No one is acting pumped or e...
smolts mumbling his words choking on the dodgers dick
Didn't he just describe a scenario where his team turned it around. Pretty su...
Cubs hitters are trying to hit 5 runs home run instead of working the count
GUYS!! SOMETHING HAPPENED!!!
I thought I was dreaming...
Omg a rare hit appeared!
Lol
Come on Bryant make me go gay for you once again 
Rally cap, engaged! 
Bout to get shut out 2 games in a row 
Flat out embarrassing. We gotta bench Russell tomorrow. Let willson play left...
I don't believe in curses at all and I've watched the Cubs starting around 19...
> I don't believe in curses at all

*down 2-1 in a 7 game series..*

>it's pr...
My expectations come from historical experience. My only experience with this...
But this team is completely different from 10 years ago...Different owner, di...
I really do not believe in curses. I can't stress that enough. I'm seeing the...
I've been watching since 72. You'll get used to it. I'm pretty much numb.
I wanted us to clinch in game 6 anyway. 
It's just one game guys.  Have some faith.  We stick with this team through t...
Wish these guys would at least act like they give a fuck. It's like they don'...
Just keep wasting this season cubs. 13 innings no runs. They're just laying d...
This guy fucks!
jesus christ guys, they're down 4-0 in a series tied 1-1. I know it feels lik...
What are you watching that gives you the least bit of suspicion this team can...
It's all been said already. Our offense sucks, ya we know. Let's give our bit...
So seager has mor hits then our entire team
Jesus you guys are toxic. I'm out. You can stew in your negativity.
"Be the change you want in the world."
-Ariana Grande
Oh I've tried. Trust me. Ask u/UnfortuatelyLawless. I've always been the one ...
Dude this is part of being a cub fan. You're either in or you're out. 
Tell that to everyone in this thread who's basically conversing the series. I...
108 years of this will do that. People vent their shit and then they are over...
No wait, somebody has to even it out!
:( Bye 
Y'all being sorry sacks of shit is what fuels the "curse" or the belief of it...
Every fan base will be this negative with the shit this team is putting on th...
I'm pissed off but. I'm not giving up no fucking way 
Its the blind eye to negativity thats actually starting to get annoying at th...
THANK YOU. I'm not being negative, I'm being realistic. Hard to win games wit...
Nope, if you have any doubt about your team ever you're a hater and not a tru...
Wtf after this game the Cubs will have to win every damn game besides Kershaw...
I understand how this game looks right now, but fuck your incessant year-long...
Kershaw will almost certainly pitch twice more. I'd be shocked if he only goe...
We're not out of this game by a long shot. Baseball can turn on a dime, and i...
Except for the part where the Cubs are coming back tonight and are going to win 
Man, honest question - why do you only show up when the Cubs are losing?
Guys, I'm getting tired of all this we suck bullshit. It's really ruining the...
Amen
Check out r/hotcarl if sucking shit is what you want.

(I didn't check if tha...
While this team obviously doesn't suck, the offense has looked inexplicably t...
Is that Larry King? 

And jesus what a sad not full stadium. 
Saw him too. 
Didn't see the clip, but quite likely. He's a huge Dodger fan.   
edit: yeah,...
LA traffic = no one shows up until the 3rd
Too many strike outs looking this entire playoffs.
The game just started.  We are facing the best pitchers in the game.  You're ...
I mean watching the third strike, especially on good pitches. I feel we were ...
Well when Hill has a nasty curve, you'll see more taken pitches.  Batters wil...
No matter which way this game goes (W), let's keep it positive in here.  Keep...
Can we have a rule where we aren't allowed to complain about Joe Buck? I know...
We're not mad Russell, we're disappointed
Hasn't left the infield? I seem to remember Baez's pop fly on the cut of the ...
He so sucks kershaws dick
Another in-game interview. *NOOOOOOO!!!!!*
fuck off interview
Yea Joe Buck definitely was more excited about that than he was about the Cub...
Fuck joe buck.  Hes a cardinals fan. 
So i doubt Heyward gets him but that's what he brings to the table. A chance. 
With Heyward in, no way does the runner get to second though, right?
Depends where he throws. 
Nobody had a chance with Toles running. Should have thrown it to the cutoff a...
There is no chance on that 
Heyward knows to hit the cut there and get Seager at second.
The ONE time we've needed Heyward this entire post season.
Heyward keeps the runner at first.
Hawks are up 3 to 0 now for anyone not checking back and forth. 
Bread Man.
Thank you! 
My pleasure.
At least the Hawks are scoring -.-
Think they can lone us some scoring? They don't need all 3 of em
From 3-0 to out in 30 seconds
This is the worst thing ever -_-
So...a strike is a ball and a ball is a strike, or is Grandal really that ama...
What the actual fuck do we have to do to break the curse. Bats are at absolut...
The line drive to soler on the pitch down the middle was a nice break. 
Bats got cold faster than the weather in the Midwest. 
Mind boggling how people expect everyone to act the same way during playoff b...
So this has been a Murphy's Law nightmare game so far and we're only down 1
the goat was named murphy. don't expect for things to change. /s
Cmon Arrieta. Stop allowing 2 out hits
It would help if the ump would call strikes correctly. Hard to get outs when ...
It was a judgement call. He didn't give Hill that spot either 
In my opinion he missed the call. Was it a terrible missed call? No. And umps...
I just wish the Cubs were getting half the strike zone the Dodgers are
Settle. Settle the fuck down.
Can we go r/The_Donald here and juck kick everyone who is negative out?
Man, too bad games only have four innings, huh guys?
Let that roll around for a second. 3 for our last 42, 13 innings without scor...
Cubs have scored 5 or more runs 4 out of 6 games this postseason.

Let that r...
The only thing that does it make this current game worse.
Goddammit. I guess we will wait 'til next year
This account is balm
Somebody inspect the Dodgers defense for magnetized gloves
How can Joe Buck be universally hated yet in everything?
#we get it buck, the offense is struggling. Fuck off already 
Yeah, it's not like his job is to commentate to casual fans or anything. 
Why shouldn't he mention it?
As god awful as Rizzo has been, at least he has some decent at bats.  He prob...
Anyone not nervous I don't believe has been a Cubs fan long.

I'm not giving ...
How the hell do the Cubs win three of the next four if they drop this one? I'...
This is absolutely humiliating. Cubs in the past 2 NLCS doing their best to d...
What an epic meltdown by this team.   Choke artists rep is gonna be over us s...
Well, I think we can probably call it there.
Let them have their fun now. We will win this series. I don't give a shit wha...
I want to mash my poop into Arrieta's beard
I'm embarrassed to be a Cubs fan right now. This is pathetic.
Psh, grand slam and we right back in it.  Am I doing this right?
TRAVIS WOOD TIME BABY. Let's get this fucking party started.  Next inning we ...
Not upset by the score, upset that we are not playing well. 
I wonder how this would be different with Schwarber. I miss his homers. 
No better honestly.   The issue with Kyle and hopefully he fixes it, is he co...
That would at least be one run better than these last 2 games. Could also be ...
Cubs batters have checked out mentally, that's the biggest problem.  Rich hil...
Cubs have a third of the game left. WE CAN DO THIS! !!!
Fuck it bring in Schwarber 
We get out of this inning, we get a base runner, get a run, some momentum. Le...
The dodgers get good at bats because our pitchers start every count 1-0.
Now can we review the 10 terrible high strike calls in this game?
WHY THE FUCK DID WE PAY MONEY FOR THIS SCRUB
Why didn't Willson start?  Especially facing the lefty Hill who he hit over ....
Couldn't agree more, miggy hit a grand slam, we get it.  He's far from hot ho...
Because joe is being a dipshit. No way montero shoukd have started this game ...
Jake prefers Montero 
He could have played LF with Zobrist in RF. 
I prefer winning
Dodgers prefer hitting homers off Jake no matter who catches I guess too.
Okay. So maybe our BABIP luck will regress hard to the mean this inning... th...
*Breathe in, breathe out* it'll be alright folks
How does that guy pitch with half an eye?
I hate Joe Buck.
I don't want to sound too negative but I just hate seeing this team do so bad...
Weak heads.
We got an XBH! Dicks out fuckas!
PLEASE KB YOU'RE OUR ONLY GOOD HITTER
\#RALLYCAPS
Something to cheer about at last. Thank fuck. Better late than never, right?
so that's what a hit looks like.
#RALLY CAPS
I was really hoping to not get so excited about 1 god damn hit
Leave those dips in boys
Fowler couldn't even muster any emotion while being the first cub batter to t...
He's all business
Just got off of work and WTF HOW DID WE NOT GET ANY RUNS OFF OF HILL?!!!!
He wasnt even pitching well. Missing alot , was even yelling at himself
because our batters refuse to swing at a first pitch strike 
Did we mention he had blisters on his hands?
yall making me more sad than I already am I hate this place but I'll see yall...
this team sucks tonight

god damn.
Let's even it up tomorrow. 
Get all the shit vibes out in this game...tomorrow is a new day
Playoffs are the death of the cubs. jesus christ 
Just to be fair, playoffs are the death of all teams except one, every year.
Yeah, but it's 108 for us. 
#Believe
Weird. I thought we had 3 more innings after this. Everyone is talking like t...
Happens literally every single game if we're not blowing the other team out b...
If the Cubs come back I'll delete all my social media accounts.
If the cubs come back i won't post in this subreddit until next april. There'...
Noted. [Just remember what this team can do...](http://www.fangraphs.com/wins...
They arent doing it. The cubs NEVER get breaks. It's hopeless with these tras...
Dodgers aren't even playing well. We just are the equivalent of the 1908 team...
Lol you realize the 1908 team won the god damn World Series???
Making it easy. We're just handing them the win.
I mean, the 1908 team won the World Series, so I'll take it. 
holy ass russell needs a benching
"I hate to keep throwing out all these negative numbers, but..." fuck off Joe...
It's going to make it all the sweeter when the Cubs come back.
He's going to keep doing it until the Cubs actually fucking do something abou...
His father was a Cardinals commentator.
So was he 
Huh, I didn't know that. Doesn't surprise me though.
I mean, he's just being told what stats to say. That's not really his fault. 
I had to mute his piece of shit mouth.
He has to talk about the game. What do you expect him to say?
Something different that doesn't upset me. 
First game in LA. No biggie. I'm not worried at all. The Cubs are better. 
Well fuck. Cubs gonna cub... 
$20 Soler flies out here.
Jesus people, it's only the fourth inning. Have some faith
Nah man they changed to rules to 4 quarters didn't you hear?
For everyone bitching and moaning right now, just wondering, do you remember ...
Can't always come back
I upvoted you, but damn man we can't rely on that shit...
Ya but 3 runs isn't an insurmountable lead. We've scored 4 runs in one inning...
Can't we pretend we're consistent though? Please? I get it but damn can we ju...
Hossa PP goal. Hawks up 4 to goose egg. 
3 hits in 14 fucking innings. Cubs, you guys are breaking millions of hearts....
I've been playing out a lot of scenarios in my head at work today, and this w...
We're gonna make Urias look like a future hall of famer tomorrow. 
Even if we lose, it's 2-1. Not the end of the world. We've got 9 outs to get ...
It just be nice if they could show some life before the end innings of the ga...
 Considering we've gone 45 outs without a run, forgive me if I don't think th...
Blind faith, my friend, blind faith.
Hope this team is as optimistic as you and I.
Blanton warming up. We. Have. A. Chance. 
Lol what sort of salty fair weathers fuck downvotes this?
 
à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤ CUBS TAKE MY ENERGY à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤
à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤ MINE AS WELL à¼¼ ã¤ â—•_â—• à¼½ã¤


You must have negative energies at this point?
at this point he's basically tien after he kikoho'd cell
Nah I'm good rn
Go eat some energy bars just in case!
I've got a boatload of Kind bars at my desk
Great hit Dex. We're probably going to lose tonight, but we can still win the...
Fuck you guys for giving up on this team during game three of a best of seven...
Anyone in here hyped up yet? 
LET'S GO!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhZULM69DIw
Im being generous with the upvotes. In return i expect the cubs bats to be ge...
Do I have time to poop? If we score in the first I dont want to have to stay ...
Poop yes, wipe no. Choose wisely.
That stadium is pretty empty
People probably just getting off of work
It's right in the middle of LA rush hour traffic. 5:00pm is a nightmare to be...
I'm so jealous of the Indians and Blue Jays getting TBS and some strike zone ...
To be completely honest I'm not sure why Soler is starting.  Yes, he can hit ...
Didn't have any Goose Island for last game, so I'm gonna blame that for our l...
Roommate with a great quote to start the night: "Joe Buck has a turkey neck."
Glass: Full
Game: On
Butthole: Clinched
It's Cubbies baseball y'all!
Can't wait for Baez to do "X" in this game :D
You clinch your butthole? I clench mine.
GO CUBS GO!!!!
I'm really fucking nervous.
Ughhh I'm so nervous!  
My anxiety has been off the charts all day. Let's get started! 
Solid bow tie bro
Brace yourself for some executive orders from the bully pulpit 
Fun History Fact: Most people think Barack Obama was our first black presiden...
Air-E-etta why is that so hard?
Dodger Stadium does not look good from the air.  Not a fan of of the huge par...
Hey guys, does Rich Hill throw a curveball?
Let's do this!
Uh oh, this guy again. HOOOOO HA
What's that hop? He knows this is baseball not fucking ballet, right?
he does it every pitch now
#GETHYPE!
I'd forgotten how weird-looking Rich Hill is. 
"He's a big dude"

For you
No one care who I am until I put on a mask
can we please try and work the count
Good ABs please
Good eye Bryant.  Make Hill work.
Hill's hop after a pitch annoys me.
Jump around Jump around
Well that was an ugly inning
Not really, we got some solid contact and were much more aggressive tonight t...
A pop out and a medium deep flyout is not solid contact 
It's better than nothing and something to build off of.
Good lord he throws slow af. That curve is nuts though. 
"Wait on the fastball"
Seriously?
Every persona has already said they expect ...
They didn't sell out either of their first 2 home games? lol....

LA traffic
Ahh I see. My bad. 
Dodger stadium never gets full until at least the 3rd inning.  LA traffic is ...
Dammit guys - stop forgetting Arrieta. 
Solar power is in? Why no Hay?
We need bats. Heyward has had a tough year and Soler raked last post season
Also Hill is a Lefty.
Fair enough. 
Lefty pitcher
[deleted]
Amazon accidentally sent my non-baseball watching friend a fly the W shirt an...
missed his spot badly on that base hit.
Nice play Rizz
Holy crap the  "organ" is annoying.
Is it just me or is there no commentary on FS1?
Just Dodger dick sucking.
Switching to Spanish SAP....I don't speak Spanish. 
...that was a ball?

EDIT: Guess it was, didn't look like it at first though.
Where are these pitches missing?
They're not being thrown by Kershaw.
OK, time for Jake to settle in and the bats to start connecting. 
Ok if the Dodgers can just not hit any more balls to right field that'd be gr...
Wonder why Montero threw to first that much
Jake has a hard time holding runners with his slow delivery to home. 
to put it in the back of their minds. they'll try and take advantage of jake ...
Seager was leading a bit further off of first
make them respect more how far they can go off 1st base. avoids would-be-stea...
[deleted]
Can't Jake do that better?
Don't scare me like that Soler
Jorge had me worried on that one
Maybe if I start drinking *earlier* in the game, we will get hits. Dead sober...
I hate Joe Buck, judging by our GDT, so do you guys. Judging by the Dodgers G...
I've always thought he had pics of some fox exec fucking a sheep or something...
I assume hes on some sort of contract unfortunately
Yeah, I don't know, do they give tenure to sports announcers?
Nepotism
We need rizzo to do something this game and to get out of his own head and ma...
I like him 4th in the rotation. Minimal pressure
Everyone pour a glass of rum for Jobu.
6-69 *Nice.*
Ayyyyyyyy.
Nice.
If Hill floats that Curve a few more times Rizz is gonna give it a ride.
Quality AB from Rizzo here
Riz is looking so much better
Rizzoooo!
great AB tony
on the bright side, work the count!
Fantastic AB by Rizzo
nice AB
Outstanding AB by Rizz.
Damn, Rizzo did well 
GOOD JOB RIZZO.

The walks will lead to hits.
Great AB from Riz there!
Good AB!
Great AB!
Solid rizzo
YAS RIZZO YAS
Beautiful at bat by Rizz.
Damn that was a good fucking at bat
Great at bat.  Confident. 
I'll take it. LETS GO
Great AB Rizzo!!
Great AB there. Rack up the pitch count 
Anyone have a link or suggest radio broadcast for the game? 

Joe Buck is mak...
Great at bat. I'm sure Hill was looking forward to facing Rizzo too. 
That was a Rizzo AB right there. Hell yeah
Great AB there Rizz!
he saw that ball all the way in, expecting goods things from rizzo tonight
Javy Javy Javy
Riz seems to be seeing it well 
Finally, we work a count! Lets get this going early
Damned good AB by Rizz
Come on, Javy!
ump calling a good zone
MOUND VISIT RIZZO MUST BE STEALING SIGNS FROM FIRST
Rich Hill looks like a Star Trek alien.
How about that pickoff attempt Joe Buck...Huh? HOW ABOUT THAT ONE????
BLISTERS PROBABLY! 
...why are we looking at Hill's crotch? 
Hill doesn't look like he's gonna last a solid 5/6. Time to make that pitch c...
Should have been ball four. 
So far, Hill is not hitting his spots. Noice.  
I really want to see a blister after hearing all this talk.  Bring it on!
I really wanna see this 3-1 leave the state
Baez tried to send that back to Chicago airmail style 
Should be runners on 2nd and 1st no outs.
the boys need to capitalize this inning 
should've taken that 3-1 fastball baez :\
SOLER TAKE MY SUN
Don't start now ump.  That wasn't close.
This ump hasn't seen Hill in 8years, we can't expect him to be good!!
Oi, Rizzo is indeed a threat on the basepaths!
Terrible call. Not loving the inconsistencies on that breaking ball.
I hate when people complain about balls and strikes, but come on. That was a ...
Soler always gets burned by the most ridiculous called strikes.
Rich Hill looks like he's melting when he walks 
What the hell is this ump smoking. On what planet is that pitch a strike to S...
Larry King eats yogurt at baseball games
There have been some pretty bad blown calls already. Here's one: https://twit...
Fuck
I don't mind a weird zone as long as it's consistent 
[**@CubsUmp**](https://twitter.com/CubsUmp/)

> [2016-10-19 00:34 UTC](http...
Rich Hill on acid tonight.
Lol....wild pickoffs! Do it! Especially after Buck made fun of our Miggy...
Rizzo isn't a steal threat, he's not Adrian Gonzales
Lol SB RIZZO!
beautiful Rizzo....absolutely beautiful
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Add 5 more pitches to that count for throwing to first 
Rizzzz!
Rizzo is currently the Patrick Kane of baseball. Just pestering the defense. 
Damn Rizzo, love it
LMAO!
I love baseball
LMFAO!
beautiful baserunning
STEAL
Fuck yea!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAA
Great move! 
Hahahahahahahaha
Lmao Rizzo
LOL WHAT
Holy shit that was great
The batters box looks like it was painted by a little girl with a tight chalk...
Lol, fuck it, why not.
IN HIS HEAD!!
Lol rizzo just like fuck it
BWAHAHAHAHA.
Hahaha that was great
#ANTHONY YES
Rizzo with the wheels.
HAHAHA
Grandal is so worried about sign stealing he prolly keeps telling Hill to thr...
Bahahaha!!! Comedy!! 
Plot twist: Rizzo is Ricky Henderson
Like a cat!
Canon crush the first fastball he throws.
No Joe Buck thinks Rizzo is a threat
Haha. Love the move RIZ!
HILL IS A PUNK BITCH
AHAHAHAH SIIIICK!
I love you Rizzo
Big man can move!
HAHAHA IN YOUR DAMN FACE, HILL
time to steal some signs!! *sarcasm obviously*
ANTHONY LONG DICK RIZZO
#HIP HIP
RIZZO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great AB Jorge
Rizzo you maniac
We're in his head,  boys!
Rizzo just got tired of the pickoff attempts
We're already in Hill's head. Now let's pop him for some runs. 
Hahahahhaha
Addi pls
Remember when Addi batted 9th consistently?
I miss that :( 
Seriously. Why can't I hear the commentary on FS1?
I you can't actually hear it, you're not missing much. 
You're complaining about that? it sounds like bliss. 
Play stupid games, get stupid prizes. - Rizzo
Lol rizzo got him good
Something is definitely wrong with Hill.
STEALING SIGNS STOP THE GAME HILL ISNT FEELIN IT
Thanks Ump? 
The cabinet is looking composed and focused for their president.
Larry King keeps referring to his Coke as a bicarbonate soda.
This could be a HUGE inning with a major number put on the board with the way...
Come on, Addi! 
FUCKING BLISTERS AMIRITE GUYS?
Hill is gonna hit 100 pitches this inning at this rate. 
This is shaping up to be a good inning. Honestly, even if we don't score, I'l...
Getting in Hill and Grandal's heads big time now. 
Sac fly addi, that's all we need here. Don't be a hero

Edit: well fuck
Come on daddi make it hurt (Í¡Â° ÍœÊ– Í¡Â°) 
Rich Hill looks like a praying mantis
Let's go boys. Things are looking good already. We got this game. 
Big curve there. Honestly idk what Addi could do with that. 
There's that good curve :/
Cmon Addi...
I wanna know what Miggy was saying. He looked to be laughing. 
COME ON MIGGY
Jesus Christ
major blue balls
Crud
Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck
Wasted opportunity 
It was a tough curve to hit. 
It's fine. Hill looks like shit, just got lucky 
No matter what, this inning is a victory. Rattle  that cage. 
*grumbling intensifies*
That was a little disappointing but if Hill is going to keep pitching like th...
That's alright, good at-bats and got the pitch count worked up, Jake will sta...
Frustrating to not score, but Hill seems off, and I think we can get to him s...
I thought UrÃ­as was starting tonight what happened? 
nope hill tonight urias tomorrow
Game 4
tomorrow
Those people are in the Schwarber seats
I'll take pitch count and long ABs but man do we need some hits, we have not ...
Jaaaaaaaake
about to start Knob #3.  One per inning is what I'm shooting for.
Takes Jake so many pitches per better this year.  Lawd.  
come on Jorge...
Wtf Jorge
Jesus we are out of sorts
God damn what the fuck. 
Come on now.
Wow, learn fellas. 
Lmao what was that? I'm glad they're okay.
no harm done, let us dispatch these fools.
That's on Soler
Damnit, Soler!  That's how Schwarber died!
Yikes 
Okay...get that defensive mix-up out of the way early and still record the ou...
Swung right out of his bucket
Fowler: "C'mon Man.."
Great inning from El Presidente
Keep racking up the Ks.
Ok better inning there after getting down on Reddick.
Lets get these fucking bats going.
Arrieta looking filthy
that was fucking sexy, jake.
Those last 2 at-bats were great from Jake
Is the ump saying actual words or just making noise?
holy shit that movement
This ump reminds me of Johnny Bravo.
Ump stole his sign
Does Dex have any beef with Soler? Or was he just really upset about that play? 
It's the CF ball if he calls it
Center fielder always has the right a way on fly balls, just upset about the ...
Yeah I know cf is captain! dex just always smiles snd he didn't look happy lo...
Probably pissed Heyward isn't out there fr 
Is PlayStation Vue fucking anyone else tonight???
Sling did the same thing to me Sunday. 
Yes!! So fucking livid right now!!
Head over to fox sports go on mobile.  Use your Vue login info.
Foxsportsgo.com you can watch it there just have to sign in!
On the plus side, Jake's looking damned good.
Hope you're practicing your rhymes /u/mawfuggajones. Jake is locked in
[deleted]
http://media1.giphy.com/media/FQX9H4caMy5Ow/giphy.gif
Filthy pitching calls for some dirty dongs!
oh, what a pretty pitch.  (can we have the 'directly behind the pitcher view ...
Some good ABs that half inning but ffs why has our hitting died it's beyond f...
Time to get to Hill. More long AB's please.
I can't get it up for this shitty Morgan Freeman football Visa commercial 
[deleted]
I'm more of a Viagra single pack kind of guy. It's a miracle if it ever happe...
I know were praising him, but Arrieta left a few too many fastballs over the ...
So... you wanna be negative even when things are going good, got it.
Not being negative, just saying those pitches weren't straight from Jesus lik...
When you start off with , I know we are praising him but.. you are probably s...
Oh I'm sorry for trying to discuss actual baseball things instead of fuck ump...
I dunno man sounded wet blanket to me. If you think his pitches are off cool,...
I'm sorry for offering an opinion. Btw that pitch was hung exactly how they w...
Totally fine to have an opinion, it's not about what you said, it's how you s...
PLEASE FUCK A DH 
Cmon Arrieta.  Get the offense started.
jk
no jk. we need him to homer...again.
I thought these interviews were annoying, but their 10x more annoying with on...
Over 50 pitches now
It ain't a beauty,  but hey, it's alright.
Fuck you no hitter
NO NO HITTER TODAY
I was told we would get runs the second time through 
Rizzo is gonna go yard.
Next inning?
no more no-hitter
Damn you, PS Vue!
You too? Lame as hell.
Attaboy KB. he's been pretty good so for this playoffs. If Baez isn't the MVP...
Kevin Durant baby
Wait I thought kd got traded to the warriors not the Cubs...
lol oops i meant KB of course :P
I like what I'm seeing 
SGO GOOD HIT KRIS SGO
SIIGHHHHH.....
Dex and Ben with no patience tonight.
Hill looks like he hasn't slept in days..
man this toles kid is killing us
Live look at the sun while the game is happening. Guys, the sun continues to ...
Utley is a must out here
Really nervous about Soler in right
Damn nasty pitch there
Soler throw, yikes.
Fuck.
Fuck me. 
I hope this isn't another shutout
Fuck
Finish this up boys and let's do work. 
Time for the bats to do some damage!
President is still looking strong. Just a few well hit balls on good pitches....
Hawks up 3-0... Are they going to have more offense than the Cubs tonight?
Rizzoli! Rizzoli! Give me the homeroli!
Wouldn't it be *homeroli?
Probably yeah. I'll fix
Or even Rizzoroni. Yeah that's better.
LET'S GET SOME RUNS!!!!
pls rizzo pls
I want to see them go around the order twice this inning.
Rich Hill looks like a pastor in an episode of Law & Order: Special Victims' ...
Well... his nickname is "The Bishop".
Oh yay more pop outs............................................................
Hitters have been bailing out Rich Hill all night with some of these ABs.
We have no life in our offense. 
YAY MORE POPOUTS.
What the fuck is going on!!!!!!??????
Jesus fuck, everybody swinging for the fences 
Gonna turn off the tv. Can't bear to watch it. Maybe they'll come back withou...
What's our BABIP in the NLCS so far as a team?
I'd say very close to .000. If not for late game one it'd definitely be down ...
It's gonna be low when it's weak contact and pop outs 
0.185
I would really love some sloer power here
SLOER PWOER

please...
C'mon our bats can't be this cold all postseason!
Some Power
The annoying thing is that the BS high strikes earlier in the game are contri...
Man that looked like a good pitch
Uuuuuuuuuuuugggggghhhhh
Ball 3 looked good, strike 3 looked like a ball
Ball 3 was a ball.  The overhead they showed showed it never got a piece of t...
Thats the crowd factor right there
i feel nothing 
This is ump so fucking inconsistent.
This team needs a pajama party or a lock room magician. Do something Joe! 
Worst strike call I've ever seen
Soler got fucked by calls like that all of last year. 
This shit is mind-boggling. How can they get the offense going again?
Joe needs to fly their sports psychiatrist in for an emergency session like n...
I wish this team was better at going to the opposite field.  This whole serie...
Definitely need to get the focus on small ball here.
#SOLEATHER
Just when I thought babip was showing us some love during the AG at bat, that...
Miggy is going to explode
He came off the bag
Yep, after Javy lifted the tag. 
And the tag wasn't applied when he did.
And the tag came off. 
2 down. Chill.
I guess Joc finally found the K
"he's a baseball player"
That's a nasty curveball.
Had a mini-heart attack
WHAT THE FUCK!!!!!!

I guess it was a ball....
WHAT THE SHIT
WHAT THE FUCKING SHIT UMP
The movie "Chronicles of Reddick" is about some deep woods redneck-looking un...
Lol Whut? That ain't how I remember it.
Reddick, not Riddick.
Oh lol 
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK
Only Javy gets to steal home. 
It's gonna be bullpen v bullpen by  the 6th I reckon, and from there anything...
Oh shit
Fuck.
Come fucking on
Same can be said about waving W flags though
Essshhh
Shitballs
Stupid fucking shit
ah..

Poop
God dammit
well fuck.
Shit
You've gotta be fucking kidding me. 
=( I'm sad
Getting embarrassed out there
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME????
Bet we score one run next inning.
fuck me to hell 
well fuck. 
FUCK
He just pimped that right in our fucking face.
I guess it's time that I stop watching so we can come back because that's jus...
This shit sucks. Sad part is this offense hasn't consistently showed they cou...
Runs scored per game by the the Cubs this postseason.

1, 5, 5, 6, 8, 0

We'v...
Outside of scoring the 3rd most runs in MLB over the course of this season?
gotta love all the empty seats there.  Its like the Miami heat fans.


Did...did somebody just run their finger on his tongue?
Time to cut into the lead. Play smart baseball and get back in this. They can...
I hope the boys want to hit. Just get on base and string some hits please. 
Plenty of Game 3 to go. This team will fight till the last pitch.
 These boys need to get angry and fired the fuck up... lets get this shit goi...
Pillow thrown across the room count at 1 
lol of course
Oh the memories from last year
In all seriousness, this fucking umpire blows. 
That strike 2 was way high. This ump is fucking terrible.
Literally right at him. This is getting comical.
Russell should have to wear a goat mask every time he steps up to bat. 
Hopefully Hill gets complacent with his lead. Either that or he pitches with ...
Im getting way too many Mets NLCS flashbacks, this needs to stop *soon*
Get your fucking heads OUT OF YOUR ASS 
Hit it where they ain't you tossers.
https://twitter.com/CubsUmp/status/788556425979133952
[**@CubsUmp**](https://twitter.com/CubsUmp/)

> [2016-10-19 01:44 UTC](http...
[Gary Cederstorm (the home-plate ump) is historically the worst at calling st...
Put in contraries almoa and heyward
I was with you till the Heyward part.
Contraries got me a good laugh
Fucking auto correct hahaha
sigh
Why does it hurt so bad
I do not agree with leaving Jake in the game. Top of the order coming up and ...
[deleted]
Yeah but they didn't show anyone in the bullpen. 
dude, it's 2 outs usually you don't pinch hit there. statistics say its unlik...
I want it for the pitching not the hitting part. They didn't show anyone in t...
i mean, only one big mistake really
He's left a bunch over the middle and gotten lucky they haven't driven it.  I...
True, but can't deny he's got good stuff tonight.  Helps him get away with it. 
Besides the 1st and this past inning, I would argue he hasn't had good stuff....
where the fuck is our offense
Ya...
:(
We need this thread to have good juju! Come on guys!
Do any of these guys realize Kershaw isn't pitching anymore?
https://twitter.com/CubsUmp/status/788556425979133952
I just wanna see the cubs dominate. I don't want to deal with the heartache a...
I can't believe we only have one fucking hit.  This was the best offense in t...
Fuck Rich Hill!!! Let's Fucking Go Cubbies!!!
I wonder what my reaction would be a year ago if someone told me that in the ...
Not even really out dueling him. His offense showed up.
Fair point, Jake hasn't been bad. There's no reason his offense can't have hi...
Let's see if we still "don't quit" 
Jesus, they look terrified. C'mon boys. You are CHAMPS!
Let's not give up hope yet, guys! LET'S GO!!!
C'mon bats! WAKE THE FUCK UP! 
Please get at least 1 run this inning 
Score some fucking runs. 
**TOP OF THE LINE UP**

I would wear my rally cap... ^if^i^had^one
Good inning. Lets fucking roast this clown on the hill
Cmon Dex I need you here buddy. YOU GO WE GO
Racist tires!!!
Rally beers
We will not get away with this like we did with the giants. We need to get hi...
Why? The Giants are a better postseason team than these Dodgers....
The Dodgers bullpen is not the worst in the league.
#letsgo
Deep breath everyone.  Long game.
If we get shut out then I guess that hR meant nothing. We look like pre ASB C...
Big inning from Jake. 8 pitches? Get the top of the order going and we're rig...
What we would like to do first? 


Score some fucking runs
Scoreless in last 14 innings. 
No patience. Are we coaching these guys?
To me, I think there's some rightful negativity when they can't get more than...
Arrieta deserves some run support. pls 
holy shit a hit!!!!!
Bryant is gonna fuck around and get someone pregnant
Just keep chipping. Just keep chipping. 
Warm it up Kris...
MVP right there
HERE WE GO CUBBIES
Mr. Fuckin' Sparkles, that's what I'm talking about. 
At least someone is hitting the ball :(
KB
KB the only one that brought his bat to the game
KB is the only one capable of doing anything right now.
Jesus Z-Man
 fdjmgdgndkzgnfkdngvkdfgdfngdfkjzgnjsfklgfdkjg
fuck man these pop ups
Kris could probably just pull up a chair over there at first.
Its almost comical how bad everyone not Bryant is right now. I dont get it.
I have never been so excited for a single. 
Zobrist's swing is basically vertical right now.
I wish Hill would have pitched this well when I saw him start Game 3 against ...
Rizzo up. Patience. Patience. Patience.
fucking rich hill?  really?


I need to put my phone down before I throw it through the god damn tv
Come on Riz
Jesus there is nothing you can do with that pitch. Damn. 
This umpire sounds like he's making bird calls
Brutal
Fuckin A Rizzo
Rich Hill or Matt Moore
At least my dog is consistently good at cuddling.
My dog cuddle MVP right now 
put in willson at 1st jesus
So much for St. Anthony. I really hope he gets something going soon.
Are other fans as emotional as we are?
OMG guys. I'm dying. I'm dead now. 
Heyward gonna PH some runs in tonight I can feel it in my plums
No curses just garbage
https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQw_MHRdy-GaiM1rskYjFcIN...
Welp, sadly this lead feels insurmountable with our current offense
The first run felt like an insurmountable lead.
Nah, the 2 run bomb is where I really started sweating. I could easily see a ...
A lead that seemed insurmountable just added another run
The 1-run leas felt insurmountable. This offense is lost.
Is this real life? Wtf is happening??
I know what it is. It's the curse of the Ginger hair. Last year Murphy, this ...
We need a savior. We need...

MATT MURTON! ! ! 
Now I'm just sad. I want to stay positive and I do believe that the Cubs can ...
I kinda almost wanna cry but it feels silly to let this bring me to tears
Someone convince me not to panic
Maybe we need a beat down to wake the fuck up
Well fuck me running 
Well feck me. For Cripe's sake. Let's just play the screw it card and walk th...
This really sucks. The law of averages demands out bats wake up at some point...
Yes last year vs the mets
Before the ASB
Team with epic underachievement tonight so far. From the starting pitching to...
It's not just tonight, it's been the entire damned playoffs for at least half...
We're the worst hitting team left in the playoffs, worse than other teams tha...
Well that put a damper on my mood. And lol @ Travis Woods
I am an optimist. I believe in the cubs. I know that they can win this game a...
The last time I drank this much was game 4 of  the nlds.
Not exactly what I was hoping for to start the inning...knock em down Woody!
God damn getting shut out last game must have gotten in their heads.
We can't blow this! I hate our team being labeled as "chokers".
Maybe this is one of those times where I stop watching and it magically turns...
I do this all the time with the Sox and Pats
I did this for the Matusz game until extra innings, so maybe I'm the real MVP?
Come to me dear Scotch. Take me away to a better place. 
Game 1 gave me way more hope than it should have 
The killer was bailing out Hill so many times when he was walking hitters and...
We just can't catch any of those kinda breaks
Bucket donned
I cannot believe I'm about to say this, but I hope Rich Hill doesn't come bac...
Finish the game out. If we lose get ready for tomorrow night and hit the grou...
poor maddon
2nd bottle of wine almost gone. Might be hurting tomorrow. 
Drink lots of water.
Tonight and tomorrow needs to be Joe and David Ross finding a way to keep the...
Time to wreck Blanton again.
Welp. Rally time
This is when it happens. RALLY CAPS BOYS
Rally time Cubs. GET GOOD!
We get our chance against Blanton and that's probably it since they haven't f...
Jansen blew a save against the Cubs at Dodger Stadium during the regular season.
Wasn't it like 8:30 when they started batting that half inning?
Even a little offensive momentum and a run or two would be nice for tomorrow
getting a new phone tomorrow, new offense? who knows!
RALLY CAPS ASAP
RALLY BUCKETS ON MOTHER FUCKERS
I miss Jason Hammel so much.
RALLY CAPS BOYS. GIVE THE CUBS YOUR ENERGY
Done
Magnet gloves
Like that. Now that's just bad fucking luck.
fuck you babip
Of course the third basemen doesn't even have to move.
FUCKING BABIP GODS
Seriously what's our BABIP in the post season?
Turner lookin like a car wash attendant from 1976.
https://twitter.com/CubsUmp/status/788568632272060416
EW ITS JOE BUCK
So like how fucking hard is it to not slide into 1st
Love that effort this late in a game 
What a terrible call he was easily out
#FUCK
Literally nothing going out way.
I wish I could start drinking but I have a teleconference with france at 7 30...
aaaand its going to be overturned of course
That would have been a nice momentum change :(
Fuck. Can't catch a break. Let's go 
[deleted]
Sure looked that way. 
Just not their day.
They get two hits on shit like that. We get a close play where the dumbasses ...
at this point its just comical
Alright, maybe Heyward will finally do something here....never mind
This is embarrassing...who is gonna step up here and get the offense rolling?
Heyward as a pinch hitter... well that went as expected.
Looking at good pitches. Swinging at garbage.
Heyward for Russell is just showing our desperation. Sad. I have so much fait...
Why are we not playing Almora? Every time he plays he has done well. He can't...
I've had nothing but faith in this team almost all year, but man I don't know...
The only thing keeping me going right now is the potential elation at what wo...
It's also only 1-1. Not like this would make it 3-0 
Game 4 is a must win. Kershaw in game 5.
If it's 3-1 Dodgers I don't think they blow Kershaw in 5 on short rest. 
Might as well. Rich Hill could shut us down again in game 6.
So this is the part that Maddon is supposed to be made for. I guess we'll see...
Get this curves connect shit off my tv 
I've been watching baseball since I was 6 and that honestly might have been t...
Fucking devastating 
I really just don't understand why everyone is taking first pitch strike sinc...
So are we allowed to do a pajama party in post season or no?
We're not playing with that confident tonight  that we're so used to seeing f...
Rally dip time boys
Just want to see something positive going into Game 4. Regardless, lineup cha...
Haha I just posted mine. Similar, I threw Soler instead of Heyward cuz Urias ...
I'd go Heyward for defensive purposes only. If there is a RISP, I'd pinch hit...
Is almora righty or lefty? If he's righty I would start him over Soler
Righty
If start him over Heyward or Soler then. 
Cogs gets an A for hustle. 
Jim Brown's wife looks just like him. 
That was David Winfield
**GRIMM REAPS**
Cubs could not lay off that high heat all night.
That 87mph cheese
Hopefully Lackey can bring it tomorrow. I'm sure he wants redemption after hi...
This always makes me feel better: https://youtu.be/OchyYnlHTdo
I was playing this as Fowler hits the double. Looping now.
I could use less shots of chunk from the goonies
They are already setting up the Cubs lose narrative for tomorrow.  This NLCS ...
Thanks obama
Soft hit after soft hit
We haven't even hardly put good wood on the ball. 
Hey, think they'd let us hit off a tee for the last inning? How about bringin...
Take my energy http://i.imgur.com/jd1kLbG.jpg 
Ahhhhhh:(
Crap..
Fudge Brownie Cake!!
Wasted. Luckily going down 2-1 in a seven game series is not the end of the w...
Will Maddon at least admit they are struggling at the plate? 
Hoping he pulls some shananagans tomorrow to loosen this team up. A lot of Se...
Why? You admit to the media that they're struggling and what does that do? He...
What will that accomplish besides demoralize the team more?
I'm sure someone's gonna say Russell would've had that
Jesus christ. If we lose tomorrow this series is fucking over. Offense is goi...
Fuck us in the ass
Who cares
Puig did the same thing Rizzo did in the 2nd.
Kill me now 
Javy needs to teach KB how to tag
Ughhhh :(
God dammit. This is embarrassing.
Good. Let them use up all their runs today. 
Pretty incredible we actually did worse this game than against Kershaw.  Let'...
At least get 1 run so we cam build momentum for next game
Idk y I'm still even watching..
ðŸ˜”
So I feel empty... extremely empty
This offense has ED 
Try not to suck
Not trying hard enough
Yeah, need to try harder...
Hitters really have to shell the kid tomorrow. There's no excuse, Roberts is ...
Let's end on a good note. Let's get some momentum for the rest of the series
Look behind home plate. And Dodger "fans" leave. 
Seriously speaking, where do the Cubs go from here? What can Maddon do to get...
I feel like we've been so hesitant swinging this whole series. So many pitche...
They look so indecisive.  Roberts is outmanaging Joe
I don't agree with that. Joe has put people in a position to succeed and they...
Hes telling his hitters how to approach these pitches and its not working 
You don't know what he's saying. Stop. 
Not joes fault when nobody can hit
If one Cub was actually a redditor, who would it be? 
Montero would be pretty amusing.
Probably Baez, he seems like a goof.
Hendricks.
[Let's start a rally dance!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OwnfPD_OGc)
***NEW STRATEGY ALERT***
It's a line drive in the book!
MVP MVP MVP
Well, at least he got a hit. 
Let's cheer the fuck up!!! Remember when Miggy hit a fucking GRAND SLAM three...
4 runs is more like 10 if our bats dont wake the fuck up right now.
We can't even get a hit. C'mon man.
Have you seen this offense 
yeah, all year.  top 3 offense.
I like you!
5 innings of baseball left people, lets chill on the negativity for a minute.
WE DON'T QUIT.  WE DON'T QUIT. 
[deleted]
Are you even watching the game?
[deleted]
Yes thats why I get upset when we are losing in the NLCS. This isnt July
Season doesn't mean much in the postseason. We look like the Cubs we all grew...
Because our offense in non-existent. Sure 103 wins is great but you forget ab...
What do we get for having the best record in baseball?
That is why it's so frustrating when they can't get a run. 
Seriously? This is high pressure man. People get pissed. 
exactly. even if tonight doesn't go well, you guys are not in the Blue Jays' ...
What the hell does best regular season have to do with this series? Anything ...
Cause our offense sucks right now. That's why.
Same shit we saw game 4 of the nlds. Toxic. 
Are you blind?  Would make a lot of sense lol.  
probably because the games been pretty negative
It's not over until it's over you fucking pussies.

This is baseball, if you ...
We will see whos right then
ARE YOU CRYING? There's no crying! THERE'S NO CRYING IN BASEBALL! 
Ya'll are bumming me out. Its only the fourth.
#EVERYBODY NEEDS TO WATCH [THIS](http://m.mlb.com/video/topic/7417714/v120285...
Video: Ryan Dempster believes the Cubs will win it all

[Larger Version](http...
There is a reason Joe has never won a ring with some really good teams. Don't...
Yeah what's the other play? "Hey Guys it's the postseason take this super ser...
would you rather the players panic?
Hello Darkness, My old friend
We hit in game 1 everyone is happy. We get shutdown by one of the greatest pi...
It's like no one remembers those 8 runs...
I mean Cogs isn't in, I'm pretty concerned by that!!!
Lowest OBP of any team to play more than 1 game this postseason.
All the haters, please exit the thread. Your pessimism is annoying.
I love Addi but it's time to bench him.
russell my god dude get ur shit together
That was a tough pitch. 
Excuses is why we can't score
He's seen a lot of tough pitches this month.
[deleted]
Or even miggys ground out Would've scored him there 
This game is over. I'm already looking forward to game four - Joe Buck
Offense has looked worse and worse as playoffs has gone on. Most of it can be...
We scored 8 runs 2 games ago!!!!!!!!!!!

What playoffs are you watching?
The one where the Cubs have an OBP of .250...
Yes, in a miraculous 8th inning. But besides the 9th in game  of the DS and g...
All you fucks saying that's game can get out, go jerk off or something since ...
My god these game threads are poison.
Oh wait, there's still three innings left.  So sit down, shut up, and watch. ...
4 innings - and yeah, just need Fowler and Bryant to get it going here
Seriously. People in here take any criticism as being a negative and shitty f...
Game's not over.
I'd feel more optimistic if we had more than 2 hits. 
Fucking LA, man. It's the NLCS NOT A NICKELBACK CONCERT PUT YOUR BEACH BALLS ...
I can't watch anymore ðŸ˜ž

Time to smoke a blunt. 

Hoping my notifications upd...
Doing the same, but I've got Pan and Ron playing on my phone.
Hi, everyone. I'm at the ER cuz my cat attacked the shit out of my arm and le...
"They got the power, they got the speed

To be shut out in the NLC(S)..."

Wh...
If you can't support the team through the lows, you don't deserve to be there...
Doesn't mean you can't state the obvious though
I agree, there is a difference between venting and being a fair weather fan. ...
But we can still be pissed off, can't we?
There is a difference between being pissed off and completely giving up on th...
Down by 1, nothing to panic about. Just chill everybody, they'll come through. 
We haven't scored in 12 innings
Like Sunday right?  
My man we were down by 1 on Sunday
That's what they said in game 2.
Fuck that he had him wrung up. Fuck this fucking ump
It honestly looks like the Dodgers want it more. 
No it's just LA is managing to connect their bats to the ball. 
Cubs have com...
Maybe it because LA wants it more
Hello "Someday We'll Go All the Way," my old friend...
Way too early for that sentiment 
Do they still play the blues in chicago...
STOP THERES STILL TIME I WANT TO BELIEVE
You would think the mlb would want the cubs in the world series. no one is go...
#can we get some fucking positive energy in this thread and support the fucki...
Seconded. I'm out of here til we score some runs. The sandy vaginas in here a...
Hard to have positive energy when the team is living up to all your worst fea...
So what, we aren't allowed to be upset that our team has all of 3 hits for th...
Rich-Fucking-Hill has a 1 hit shutout going through 5. We haven't score in 14...
I only support Jesus H fucking Christ on a fucking pogo stick.  Also, Go Cubs...
I'm at the game and am remaining positive. 
Please come over here with one of them scottish claymores, maybe people will ...
Is the team going to read it...?
No but I am and I'm a nervous wreck right now and could use some positivity
So we aren't allowed to be angry with the team?
Hit the ball first
#can this team fucking hit god fucking christ
My wife has red hair.  I love it.  However, if you are a man with red hair th...
You're gonna look like [this guy](https://anibundel.files.wordpress.com/2014/...
[deleted]
Yeah, Joe wants to fuck Jake
Zone high as a fuck
Samsies....
God dammit addison
seriously. Russel has got to sit down. just put Baez at short and let Heyward...
Russell is pissing me off 
Im more sad for him cuz I know how good he is.
For everyone that's complaining about Joe Buck needs to pull up the radio bro...
How does one pull up the radio broadcast on a phone? Any tips?
Mlb.tv or possibly CBS radio app and listen to the score 
Unfortunately I can't I am casting from my phone. There is no good way to pau...
Get another device. It'd be worth it not having to listen to Joe Buck 
Just muted the game while they talk to Kershaw to fuck if I'm listening to that 
Joe fuck can't get off kershaw dick.
GOD DAMN IT BUCK IS STILL SOMEHOW SUCKING OFF KERSHAW
Sounds like Joe Buck is gonna see Kershaw later tonight...
Place doesn't really seem that loud or electric
IMO it's quieter than SF was.
I'm listening with park audio only. It's like listening to a golf tournament ...
Its Dodger Stadium. 
Certain players right now are just not on board with the game plan and it's s...
If only our all star short stop was able to do that when he had the chance......
I'm no dodgers fan but Turners hair is fabulous. 
Truth
Ahhhh bliss. This is temporary, but stress occasionally burns itself out for ...
Auf gehts!
Ja stimmt
Gesundheit 
STOP TRYING TO FUCKING PLAY HERO BALL JESUS FUCKING CHRIST
Gonna log off the GDT for a while.  Just making me more upset.
I don't know what's more frustrating, a junk baller pitching better than last...
becasue the Dodgers have shown they can lift the ball intot he outfield and d...
Can somebody remind these guys it's the NLCS? Looking like they just drank a ...
https://twitter.com/cubsump

2 2%ers already against the Cubs already tonight...
What does a 2%er mean? 
On the Arrieta pitch, only 1 time in 50 will the ump call a pitch in that spo...
Ya I knew it was a bad call, didn't know it was that bad of one though. Thanks! 
welp....that'll do it
Why does God hate my Sports teams...
Tying the noose
Man, I wouldnt be so worried if we could actually score runs....
Classic 2 out 2 strike Arrietta homer allowed. 
Alshon Jeffery needs to call dugout and tell them they gotta score fucking runs.
Get the bats going boys.  3 runs isn't insurmountable. 
We just have to get on base and run and score......I'm a sportscaster. 
Cubs' motto is 'We Don't Quit.'

Gotta have faith.
Might as well be losing 100-0 if we can't hit. . . . 
Rich Hill is overpowering the 2016 Chicago Cubs. 
With an 87 mph fastball down the middle.
Just like Matt moore. Unfuckingbelievable 
FOR FUCK'S SAKE GET SOME FUCKING HITS
It has now been 17 innings since the Cubs last scored.
15
OK, Cubs didn't bat 9th inning Game 1, so I guess that's minus one.
But it's ...
lol take me now
I don't know how to be positive anymore...  
All right, so I'll bring it up - we looked dead in the water in Game 4 of the...
The Cubs fell ass backwards into a win is what happened. The Dodgers will hav...
The Cubs were the best team in baseball man, and it wasn't a very close conte...
They were hitting then... This is just embarrassing
We never looked this bad
So I guess you didn't watch the first eight innings of Game 4 then.
Well I'd be stunned if we win this game now, but the series ain't over. This ...
GREY SKIES ARE GONNA CLEAR UP
Lets get some fucking hits man. It's sill a long game and series.

We just ne...
This game isn't over yet, and we got Lackey vs a guy who would be a sophomore...
Yeah, like them odds of Arrietta versus... crap, I'm sad again. 
Rich Hill is statiscally better than Jake but with 90 less IP
Have you not noticed the pitching match-ups don't matter? We can't hit. 
Yeah, a Urias start is just what we need in order to jumpstart this dead batt...
Yeah but that sophomore is really good.
That sophomore is extremely good. 
We make every pitcher look good
I'm so deflated right now.
Patience friends
[Well... this game is over](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8lT1o0sDwI)
Man, the team as a whole seems very off tonight. :/
Please go away.
Why? He is just speaking an observation. Are you saying the Cubs have looked ...
What? I'm not trying to talk shit.
You're right. Bird + this performance + 3 vodka tonics = shitty comments.
It's fine, I feel ya. If I had any liquor I'd give it to you.
yeah, I wonder if something happened to make the mood weird
>Tonight


This just fucking sucks so much. Nothing else to say but let's start free swi...
That's about the worst idea you can possibly do.  Free swinging?   Wrong.  Th...
Ya them being patient has worked out great. Countless strike outs and taking ...
Good plan.
At least the hawks lookin good tonight. 
Not ready to give up on these guys but man it's a real possibility and it's h...
Exactly last year I was barely even upset about the sweep cause we won 97 gam...
Zobrist, Lester, Lackey all another year older. Arrieta getting worse and wor...
It's cliche, but next year. We have a lot of youth that hasn't peaked yet and...
The year 2108. 200 years. Digital baseballs then. 
Robot umps
Take your vitamins.
It's not always the best teams that win the world series. It has a lot to do ...
It's actually rarely the best team that wins the world series.
What people don't realize is it's actually a higher percentage than 1/8 (eigh...
ITT: "In all my days in this sub, the Cubs offense has been terrible."
I can only hope that the cubs choking means that wgn will get all their games...
If We lose, we're down 2-1. Not a time to panic. A veteran postseason pitcher...
We're down 3-1. No way we beat kershaw
Good thing he's not pitching tomorrow.
Why do you assume we will go down 3-1. Tomorrow is not a given. And Kershaw i...
Kershaw pitched like 100 innings this season. He can throw 200 pitches in a g...
I know the offense has been shit but this doesn't help https://twitter.com/Cu...
That seager call pissed me off so much. Of course he would get a base hit aft...
5 shit calls, all hurt the Cubs, yay!
Hell fucking yes Dex
FOWLER!!!!
Jansen doesn't look as fat tonight
YOU GO WE GO!
Sexy double!!
I'm going to bed....
Stop it dodgers, they're already dead 
This is gonna be one hell of a comeback. 
OK A WIN IS PROBABLY NOT IN THE CARDS TODAY. I ADMIT THAT, BUT THE BATS WAKE ...
Fucking hope so, brother
It's just 2-1. It's not the end of the season, nor the series. Yall "season o...
yeah, 0 runs scored in 18 innings just SCREAMS turn around. 
Except it's not just two losses. This team has looked awful, not even a littl...
All the people in here that are like come on let's be positive.

What do I ha...
I can think of 107 reasons to be positive.
dont have to be positive just dont act like the series is already over
How do we win? No way we beat kershaw. We're down 3 to 1
we dont know that. take it a game at a time. Lackey tomorrow, Lester thursday
Kershaw is pitching game 5. So hopefully it's 2-3
Being the best team in baseball, and knowing the bats can't be cold forever
well, when people were promising batting practice today...
There's a game 4 tomorrow.
you aren't violently shitting out your internal organs?
Speak for yourself
That's quite the assumption to make. I did have halal tonight. So give it time.
Thanks for the laugh.. I needed it. 
\#WeAreShameful
At least we can't get swept this year
It's seriously fucking depressing being a cubs fan. I honestly don't think I ...
Try being a cubs fan for the last 20+ years, when shit was really grim. This ...
Oh, I've been one for about 24 years now. My dad tells me horror stories of '...
Yeah it's a bummer for sure, but it really is just one game. They absolutely ...
Lol we're in the NLCS for the second straight year. Our core is young as fuck...
Oh I know. I understand it's a great time to be a Cubs fan and this will be a...
I hear you man. I'm just trying to remind myself that when Theo took over I t...
Baseball is so streaky. This shit carries over game to game. Itll be hard to ...
I always say this, but baseball is the hardest sport to predict because there...
Then how does a bad streak end? Oh ya, playing the Reds...
Anyone counting us out right now has no business celebrating if we end up win...
Dude it is fucking 6-0 in the bottom of the eighth and with 16 innings of no ...
I think he means winning the series.
I'm talking about the series man. People acting like being down 2-1 after 2 b...
I would gladly take a I told you so. 
When*
Hey look, Kris Bryant struck out! Now the WHOLE lineup sucks! :D
Lets hope our offense [comes alive](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJPD5GxIu...
Addison hates hitting
I'm done with Russell right now. 
Russell is killing us right now. We needed a run there.
Cubs haven't made one starter have an inning like this
This is pitiful. 
13 Innings in row and no runs. 
I'm about to kill a dodgers fan....
Back to hating life.
Arrieta definitely looks rattled. Really surprised by this game. Still stayin...
Arietta's pitching isn't the problem. The problem is the zone isn't consisten...
He's been missing his spots all night 
That's fine but the fact is that our bats are still ice cold. During the seas...
Still lots of ballgame left. Time to nut up. 
Let's go boys! Wake the bats!!!
Who's still winning this game?  Us.  Fuck the haters.
What is Rich Hill doing to earn all these calls above the strike zone?
This ump is on the fucking Dodgers payroll. 
Nothing an Ump can do about hits and RBIs.
Strike 3 inning over. If the ump would just be consistent 
FUCK OFF FAIR WEATHER.
Guys let's not be so negative, worst case scenario there are 2 more games to ...
the team won 100+ games, but this is not the team that won 100+ games, this i...
I'm with ya, but they score another run, and the Cubs do nothing in the 7th, ...
It's not just this... it's how they've performed for the entire playoffs so f...
This team is dead. 
Everybody needs to chill out. 
Seriously? We're about to get shut out 2 games in a row with a handful of hit...
Seriously. Look at the comments section. It's full of vitriol and hatred for ...
That's fair. But let's not act surprised that there is negativity. Hate and v...
Did that fucking ape Joe Buck just say that a line-out was a bright spot for ...
Fuck yo closer bitch ass motherfuckers
Didn't some of you want this bum to start tomorrow 
Running while up 5 against an offense with 2 hits today? I don't understand t...
Yo I saw OEL scored tonight!
He did! Mike Smith went down though :(
RIP :(

How bad did it look?
Not season ending by any means, but that's what I said about him before he we...
Will trade league ready goaltending for defense plz(?)
....no. We have bad luck trading goalies away. (See: Dubnyk)
Womp womp...
Little thing called momentum. See how confident their guys are now? We were t...
This is just embarrassing. Dodgers are better than Cubs at every aspect of ba...
So far. 
 I need to stay off this sub. So pessimistic and depressing.
It's quite ridiculous.
Exactly. I get how people are mad at this game, but fuck, the series isn't cl...
What did you expect after being shutout nearly two full games in a row? 
True
Because without us you'd be cheerful about five hits in 17 innings?
I'm mad but I'm still optimistic about the series. Im seeing a lot of people ...
What about this team isn't pessimistic and depressing right now? 
It's frustrating how we're being shutout but the series isn't close to over. ...
Shutout almost 2 games in a row now with like 5 hits over that span. Not look...
The negativity in here is outstanding.  I made this account 3 seasons ago to ...
Different season. You gotta win when you're good. You'll just be bad again so...
3/4. They aren't beating Kershaw. 
I consider myself positive and I don't think the series is over but you can't...
I can't say I blame most folks for feeling down about how we're playing right...
He's the best pitcher in the league guys. Of course they are gonna be all ove...
Jesus guys, this is FAAAAAAAAAAR from over. We can come back from this
Go cubs go. This shit aint over. Time to rally!
Are we a AAA team now?
I'm pretty close to ditching this GDT already.  
"Bench addi omg addi you suc...
Can I get an amen?! Christ. 
Nope if I'm staying you're staying 
*fine*
no one said he sucks, we said hes struggling incredibly right now
[Its literally in the post right below this one](https://imgur.com/gallery/NP...
Scroll down, compadre
Guys they interviewed Jake and we loved it last game. To everyone who's not a...
Yeah, why is everyone so salty here? Jeez let's calm down guys and enjoy some...
Exactly. Enjoy the experience. Discuss actual baseball things not umpires and...
I didn't love it

fight me
hey.... SETTLE THE FUCK DOWN....

way too much negativity, fair weather fans ...
Jesus guys it's shitty to be behind but some of you are straight up ridiculou...
They have 0 runs in 13.1 innings. Only 3 hits. Hard to take much optimism out...
Yeah, if the entire season and postseason were 13.1 innings.  
The fucking Cubs man. The fucking Cubs. 

This is the same as fucking last year. Jesus. 
Really Buck? Still fondling Kershaw's taint?
It smells nice 
Oh no the Cubs are down 3 runs, better give up.
During the season: "We got this!!"  

So far this postseason: "that's the bal...
have you seen our offense lately? we looks like butt
3 runs, bro. That's one solid inning worth of bats. We've got 5 more chances.
Our relief pitcher has hit better than Rizzo and Russel. Travis wood start le...
It's hard not to feel pretty damned deflated when we've managed all of three ...
Whose call was it to put this game on Fox Sports Dodgers?
Seriously, was just about to ask what channel the Cubs broadcast was on. 
Joe buck sucking off the Dodgers already
Wow, looks like the Dodgers can't fill their stadium. 
It's LA, they don't get there till the 3rd
It's 5 there. 
Point being? If I had fucking playoff tickets - I'd be there at fucking game ...
Look at our day games last year. They were full. 
Are we behind in the count on every battery this series? 
Jakes getting squeezed hard 
Larry King > Marlins Man
Rich Hill is playing checkers while Anthony Rizzo is playing 72D Age of Empires
jesus christ addi
You're killing me Russell
0 hits
for fucks sake
That ball that was called a strike was 4" high
Addison clutch meter has run empty a while ago
meh.   
the only bright side of that inning was 40 pitches. 
Should have had Arrieta hitting 6th lol.  
Goddammit Russell

2 runners isolated

And you swing

*incoherent internal sc...
Need Jorge to build some trade value in this series.
Fuck kershaw!
Wow, this is a bad inning.
Also, thanks for showing Kershaw almost the entire...
Man alive, are they sucking Kershaw's dick right now. They love this fucker.
We're bringing this shit back, you mark my words.  The offense is gonna wake ...
Does anybody have Joe's phone number? I feel like I stand a good shot of gett...
Fuck you babip
Lol
Ugh. It feels like the Mets series again. Come on boys, let's go
I'm full of whiskey, beer and cheer. Maybe I should share it with some Cubs R...
please god Joe fucking yell at the team they NEED a spark 
This is a fucking pitiful performance all around. 
little less than half the game left! they can do this!
Who puts two clawfoot tubs out by their lake like they aren't cucoo for coco ...
No blood for the brain if it's all in the wiener 
Jake's biggest issue is he has no control. The report is out on him. Take pit...
He's looking ok here. 
Gotta love our half-assed swings...
Lol, I mean you let him drop a fucking curveball right down the middle on you...
I want to crawl in a hole.
Just fuck everything. Making Rich fucking Hill look like he should win the go...
That'll do it
Damn it.
welp... guess now all the negativity can soar in. 
For the first time this season I'm considering calling time at 4:08am and jus...
Plz no, don't leave me on my own :(
Dont brexit this game on us now!
Serious question: what are the odds the Cubs hitters are all randomly slumpin...
It has happened during the season too. Bats go cold sometimes.

See here: htt...
Right, but every hitter going cold all at the same time? We're going 1-2-3 in...
Yeah, I'm with you. It's bad, but Kershaw and Hill are fantastic. They [finis...
Fair point, i didn't know that
And... Kenley Jansen was even less hittable than either of them. :-(

 He had...
I'd guess it's like the flu virus, except it's psychological, in the mind. Th...
Pressure 
[deleted]
Seriously Almora, lastella, cogs, contreras start them all I don't care, some...
LaStella didn't make the NLCS roster
I just saw la Stella sitting next to Jake 
You will also see Schwarber, Cahill, Kawasaki, and Szcuzcuzcuzcr there. They ...
Well shit maybe he should have 
I still have faith but cmon it's rich hill we need to start hitting the ball!
Desperately need at least one next inning
Maybe they can start pitching that beach ball instead?
we'd hit it right at em' 
Fucking old lady in the front row going off about some bullshit. 
I hope Joe lets Wood hit. Maybe we'll finally get some offense outside of Byr...
Whooee, ain't seen Woody put that much on his fastball in a while!
just swapped jersey and hat, not sure why I think it will help but I do...
When Puig gets on you know you're fucked. 
Hear that?! Blanton is warming up!!
I am going to go get some food... If they comeback then that's what I get...
If they come back, you better not.
The tequila drinking has begun. 
Late start.
Heyward blows.  Can wee trade him in the offseason?
Yeah no way he opts out now
Hes a bust. Huge bum. Trade him for whatever. Id rather see schwarber and alm...
What the fuck was that Hayward you overpaid piece of shit. Lay off two strike...
[deleted]
*sigh*...wew lad.
might be my fault. Never watch baseball, but I'm here cause the Bulls suck
Fuck off, Smoltz.
I got way to jealous of that simple base hit 
That was a weird ass commercial.
What's everyone drinking tonight? (I don't expect any coherent answers)
Whisky. EW cheap
Sam Adams, Porch Rocker. 
Switching between tequila and Green Line.
Arnold Palmer, may his soul rest in peace.
Kraken.
Coke Zero and Johnnie Walker.  Whew.
Beer. Lots of it. 
In Houston, so some Saint Arnold's flavors. 
Goose Island 312...the six pack has been killed...
Gasoline
yes.
Guinness. Lots of Guinness
anti freeze
Bleach
Here we go!
Hey Offense! I got a bunch of red bull for y'all!! Time to wake up!!
I GOT COFFEE UP HERE IN SEATTLE.
Double shot Espressos!! Lets go!!
It's not like all the AB's have been that bad either. I wish these assholes w...
Buck smoltz rosenthal in game interviews it's like they try their hardest to ...
Clayshaw.
Whatever happened to that guy with the Cubs' golf pants?
He goes, we go.
It's not fair man. There's no way an offense this good,  can be so cold in th...
We did a thing!
5 for 54! Yes!!!
FUCK YOUR COUCH 
Two outs in the 8th or 9th?  I'm smelling some late inning magic!
It always seems to happen that way... i can't handle this stress.  UGH.
Yeah! Dex!
I'LL TAKE IT
Finally signs of life. Let's gooooo
There we go Dex! Come on give me a 2 out rally! Best part of our line up righ...
About fucking time
There's life!
...yay.
if this ump has one bad call here im gonna flip
This is the moment guys. BELIEVE
That's a good place to start
Team hates the NLCS or maybe they are the ultimate trolls to the cubs fan bas...
Unbelievable. 
Forget about this game, go get them tomorrow. Stay positive. They have to win...
We need more people like you here.
I just want to see a couple hits strung together and prove we can still score...
This is the equivalent of the Cards winning game 1 last year
Except the cards didn't have Kershaw in a guaranteed win
dude had one good start... relax
Hopefully that version of Lackey shows up tomorrow.
except the Dodgers have the best pitcher in baseball. two if you include Rich...
What the fuck was bryant looking at?
What he thought was gonna be a curveball that would start over the heat of th...
[deleted]
How about getting the starters pitch count up snd clearly getting in his head...
Cubs offense is sooo bad right now. 
Heyward gets that out
L.A. = Los Angeles

LA = Louisiana
One has a problem with floods.

The other has a problem with Bloods.
Man i wouldn't want to be in a room full of this sub right now. Holy self des...
What's with all the people here turning off the game :/
People who want to be here when the going's good. But gone when it's not.
How'd they make it through the last 20 years of cubs baseball? This shit is n...
Might be newer viewers or younger people.
For sure. I mean it's definitely not ideal, but to lose faith so quickly is l...
Kershaw is unbelievable. Hill had an awesome year and almost threw a perfect ...
Put me on suicide watch 
Man this place is depressing 
Fuck this blind fucking ump.  Thanks blue.  Just gave the dodgers a free out ...
I'd say Jake's flat pitch right down at a comfortable level for a power hitte...
Except for the strike 3 they missed to end the inning. He called worse to sol...
You're right. When he called it a ball, the baseball leapt out of the stadium.
So I guess only during innings 1-3 that would have been called a strike.  Blu...
1 fucking hit! 1!!! Vs a godamn junk baller... I'm getting so close to just s...
Don't do it. The people who own the cubs have stock in every major brand of t...
Nothing about ownership is frustrating. That's what makes this even MORE frus...
Get hype ladies and gents.  Top of the order. 
Wow. This ump just wants to go home and stuff his fat face full of shit
Rizzo is not an MVP. 
Rizzo can't even make contact on a 87 mph fastball right down the middle. Thi...
This team is just embarrassing now
It's honestly quite amazing how good are players are.

It's also quite amazin...
Our*
not sure how I managed to do that twice.
Oh hey, look! The Blackhawks are on. 
Boo
Hmph
And they're winning... and Hossa got his 500th goal.  So we have that going f...
DAE:


The cubs dont deserve to be here?

The curse is real?

See you next ye...
It should be against the rules to block the bag like that....
Isn't it?
Only at the plate. Pitcher can just stand right in front of 1st without the b...
That's not at all in the obstruction rule:

>The act of a fielder who, while ...
Hmm.. Joe should have argued this maybe? Cog couldn't get to the bag because ...
Seagar needs a drone play date with Bauer.
Turner is damn ugly
He reminds me of Tormund from Game of Thrones
Being down 2-1 is a lot better than being down 3-0. Assuming there is no magi...
Cubs doing what they do best. 
We SHOULD get blown out. Wake these mofos up
Idk they haven't woken up yet...
Doesn't usually set in till the next day
I had to tap out. Flashbacks of 2003
If we don't win this game, we likely don't win this series. Let's do somethin...
That's an overreaction 
No, its reality
I agree
I had no idea the series ended at three games 
I'm new to baseball and reading comments. This game is 4 quarters right? ^^^^...
People will say you're wrong, but you're not.
Ok, I know I said I was out, but I've gotta say one more thing. If your in he...
Lol nah man, us lifelong cubs fan have been here, done that. I see it coming.
>us lifelong Cubs fans 


Lol you don't think that's me? I've been a Cubs fan...
#STOP TALKING ABOUT THE BLACKHAWKS
10000x this
.#WeAreNotGood
SERIES IS OVER
LETS FUCKING RALLY. BEING NEGATIVE DOES YOU NO GOOD. 
GTFO if you're just shitting on the Cubs and being a pessimist for no reason....
I only shit on the because I care.  'Tis the life of a Cubs fan.  This winnin...
There's nothing more stimulating in a discussion thread than "Let's fucking p...
>for no reason

Lol
Jesus Montero. He's out with Ross or Contreras behind the plate.
So is anyone confident the Cubs can score at least 4 runs tonight?  I'm not.  
Let's see, we've done it already twice in one inning this post season, so yes...
A bad call turns into 2 runs. I'm so fucking pissed.
Man I wish I could make millions of dollars just to let down millions of people.
I'm just...in disappointed in myself. There was a woman on the L after game 1...
Yeah, someone was, a Dodger's fan. You dickhead. 
This is legitimately fucking pathetic to watch. Fuck this. 
"The cubs are who we thought they were"
Laying over to die. Hopefully they enjoy an extra long off season in a few days.
#IT'S OKAY STAY "POSITIVE" GUYS.

#YOU DON'T THINK 2 FOR 18 IS GOOD? YOU'RE N...
Thinking negatively isn't going to change the result of the game so you might...
Jake isn't coming back next year, I can't imagine.
He still under contract for next year... So yes he will be back
Why not?  He's under team control through next. 
Thought he was signed for this year only.
Nope, one more year.   I think they have an option they can exercise IIRC.  
Oh it's team opt?
I looked it up, next year is an arbitration year for Jake.  So unless the tea...
Thanks bud:)
He's under contract through next season.
I think it's time to start benching players. I know it's a freak out response...
You had me until Heyward. 
Well, better than Soler. I mean he got that triple, he's gotten on base. He's...
I am not saying that I think this will happen, but I would not be surprised i...
Calm your tits, naysayers.  It's the fucking 3rd.
Obviously the Cubs can come back, but please stop acting like this is only th...
Finally, some logic and common sense!
HEY GUYZ DON'T WURRY JAKE IS PITCHING TONIGHT VERSUS THAT CHODE WE CUT. WEZ G...
Fuck everything LA. Fuck the dodgers. Fuck their stupid fans. 
CHECK IN TIME

Where are you at, what are you drinking and what is your playo...
North Carolina as well.  Starting off with some good old Miller High Life ton...
Winnipeg, MB. Duchesse de Bourgogne for now, eyeing up some Nikka. Wearing th...
Omaha Nebraska. Drinking Stone IPA tonight.
New Cubs bar opened there. Blackstone Social
Nice. I moved here 2 months ago so I didn't know if there were any. I'll defi...
Literally just opened a couple weeks ago
Kansas here. Sitting in the basement waiting for the game to start. Crown Bla...
Wrigleyville. Whiskey
[deleted]
Literally F5ing /r/baseball & /r/chicubs at work
You need to make more pizzas
These games aren't good for my health
The banter between the FS1 guys is sooooo much better than anything that happ...
Pete Rose cracks me up. Him and A Rod together is surprisingly fun to watch
Rich Hill?!?! Is he better than he was as a Cub?
Holy shit, is it the same guy? I had thought there was no way that the Rich H...
It's weird how much we didn't play against the Dodgers postseason starters du...
The Dodgers used a lot of pitchers
People think this commercial is about looking for a quarter, but in reality s...
This is uncomfortable Brett Swanson
Would you rather fight Brent Swanson or a bear
what type of bear?
Panda
their fat rolls make them invincible though....
Kung Fu Panda?
What type of train does a Kung Fu Panda take to lunch?

Panda Express.
[deleted]
Sorry, the pressure of the game is bearing down on me, hard to keep 'em all o...
CHOOO CHOO!
I've got a score to settle with koalas. So if thats the bear I get, thats the...
42 percent A Rod I was thinking 43 percent tbh
Alright pregame intros are officially unnecessary to show. Keep the pregame s...
Geez. Empty Seats Galore out in L.A.
Wait til the Cubs are up by one in the 6th, that place will clear out. 
LA shows up late. Plus, it's 5 PM there. People just got out of work.
Rizzo, Zobrist, Russel need to stop up tonight
Are-ieta
Did the Cubs play with the sun out against the Giants?
Prolly not because it was like 10:00 EST when we started 
Hoping this game brings out the bats. Feels like we kill it during the day more.
Lol no love for Reddick
#GoCubsGo #FeeltheSteel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ANXMSJhvig
God I'm so nervous I've just been avoiding anything up until right now. Cubbi...
Just got home from work. I'm ready for some baseball!
Let's go cubs
Imma shaking in my boots 
Yesss they muted him!
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Wearing my Arrieta sersey, the blue one... let's go
Not gonna lied, Rich Hills is hell of a pick up by the Dodgers during the reg...
I loathe you all....except cubs fans!

Let's go cubbies!


Got my soler chains on tonight
Let's go CUBBIES
Dodgers and catchers and pitchers and dodgers. 
Time to throw some beachballs Hill.
Let's hope Jobu wants the Cubs to rock Rich "One Trick" Hill.
And we're off!
Oh boy here we go
HERE WE GO BOYS
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOO
***Puckering intensifies!!***
Where's Marlins man :(?
Did he go to Toronto?
Let's do this!
We've got the ex-Cub factor going for us today.
So we're trying to be aggressive early in the count it looks like
thisisfine.jpg
Who is Larry King?
Who is behind the plate tonight? Is it Hernandez?
i think that's tomorrow night
Oh goody.
Dunno but he sounds like he's trying to be a kung fu superstar with the way h...
There's that Cutter in to lefties. I know he fouled it off but it's my favori...
Some filth coming out of Arrieta rn
Dodgers are more patient than the Cubs so far in the series. 
I've decided that I'm gonna mute the T.V. and listen to Pat and Ron even thou...
Must be the pilates
Wow! Seager was in the crowd watching himself hit a single. ðŸ˜¨
Thanks blue
small zone i guess
Man we can't buy a 123 inning this postseason. 
We can. Almost every time when hitting.
All them flavors and you picked salty? Come on now. 
Hey it's just a fact. Lowest OBP of all playoff teams beside the WC game lose...
What does jammed mean? In on his hands? 
Yup
That's what I thought but I never asked to be sure
Plz go away AGon.
I should just talk about how shitty Arrieta does, maybe he'll get a no hitter...
OH MAN THAT WAS NASTY
Wheres that one?? 
Getting squeezed in the zone.
Oh my god Miggy get it to him. 
SOLER ON THE FLY
Alright alright, let's go boys!!!! 
Finna get a triple dong here 
What's the wind like at the stadium?
ESPN radio said it is a non factor tonight
Gameday says 4mph out to CF, so not a big factor. 
Thought that ball was gonna reach me, I'm too fucking nervous lol
Alright let's see that Rizzo bat come to life
Love Baez playing short right field, if he got that is that putout 10????!!
Twice as many pitches as hill? Oh boy.
I think you need to re-math.
Just one inning, we're fine
Anyone else not hearing the announcer feed on FS1?

I've got the stadium audi...
That would've been pretty bad if in the first inning we were shown why Heywar...
It's weird to not see Rizzo batting after Kris.
Strike 1 on Rizzo? Looked way inside to me...
That was some shmuck in the crowd. It was ball 1
Well Rizz basically stands on the plate. I'd say it was a strike my dude.
Everything looks inside to Rizzo.
This guy is a very vocal ump.
So like during the regular season do they have an office where umpires sit an...
> office where umpires sit and watch the games for replay reviewing 

[Yes](h...
Oh wow that's intense. 
Is that Foreman out there on the mound?
Serious question: why doesn't FS1 show the strike zone?
I frankly find it kinda annoying with it since strike zones change for each b...
Because it is incapable of doing anything right 
They're insecure about their shitty pitch tracking software 
Does Rich Hill throw anything other than a fastball or curveball?
Changeup 
No
Damn Rizzo, that was your pitch
Throw another hanging curve.
Fuck you Joe Buck
Holy fucking shit that movement. 
He's seeing the ball really well right now. Good sign here.
Hill's eyes are scarily far apart. 
Not with 2 strikes, but a push bunt for Rizzo wouldn't be the worst idea with...
Moved his arm in? Fuck off. 
Great AB there Rizzo.
Good job Rizzo getting a helluva lot of pitches on that
RizzOBP!
Fantastic at bat by Rizzo there. Time for a Baez bomb
Great AB by Rizzo 
Float one to javy, hill.
Proud of Rizz 
#IT'S JAVY CRANK TIME#
Good point on the decision to move Javy up. Psych is a big part of the game, ...
A lot of faith in Rizzo after that great at bat
That wasn't done the middle joe
Yeah, Rich Hill loves two fingers in the back door.
OMG NOT BLISTERS ON A PITCHERS HAND. Jesus Buck. It happens. Man up. 
Right.down.the.middle.
So with Hill is there any particular reason he is so susceptible to those bli...
Pre-game fap ritual 
not peeing on his hands enough
http://i.imgur.com/GqzfD00.jpg
Looks like the umps aren't expanding the strike zone for Hill like they did w...
Ooh Hill may get shelled tonight 
Man, this multi-curve/fastball combination is lethal 
javy wtf are you swinging at...
He had an incredible AB. 
must be why he's on base
Are you suggesting any at bat that results in not getting on base is a bad at...
no, it just wasnt an 'incredible' at bat
Larry King?
damn
worked the count well then swung at ball 4
lmao "belt high" that was chest high Joe.
Dammit.
well that sucks
god damnit, way to piss away an easy baserunner
Dammit shoulda been a walk
I swear Joe Buck just said he popped up before he made contact
Man, I will never tire of hearing announcers fawn over Baez.
I'm hungry for SOLER POWER!
It's alright Javy. 
Ugh, nothing I hate more than a pop up on a full count, that look inside too
Tell me more about the challenge. 
Time for some renewable energy up in this bitch
We need runs this inning. We have to get up on them early. Playoff baseball i...
Not digging that call.  Inside all day
Ok ..how many times will Larry King take a piss tonight. The over/under is 2.5
At 82? I'll say 4 maybe 5.
Need to start manufacturing some runs
lolol Hill
Rizzo did have 17 steals last year. He will go.
Pitch the ball dude.
Please throw the ball away in an attempt to get Rizzo. By all means. 
I think Rich Hill is confusing Rizzo with Ricky Henderson 
SHUT UP JOE!
He scared!
Rizzo has to be asking Hyde, "What the fuck did I do to Hill?"

Rizzo isn't going anywhere

WOWOWOWOWOSOSLSOWOWOW
you're not getting anywhere
Hahaha Joe Buck.
I lied he went from somewhere
wow. thats two pickoff attempts he's had to chase.    
Keep it up!
hello plz
Keep me posted my cable just stopped
Rizzo with the spunk!
Did Rizzo post a 4.4 40 yesterday or something?
He is a large and slow man so...
Atta boy Rizzo 
hahahahahaha 
Keep that hanging breaking ball coming.... and dem walks
good for rizzo
Yah Rizz!!
Good AB, Georgie!
I love Rizzo so much.
Soler and Javy with back to back 3-2 counts in the NLCS. Who would've thought.
You act like Soler doesn't walk...
At one point that curve in the dirt would've struck him out all the time.
lmao 
Let's pop this blister boys
WORK
Bahahahah! Atta boy Rizz.
I approve of Sloer's AB.
I THOUGHT HE WAS ABOUT TO CALL STRIKE THERE
Make him pitch.
Make that pitch count go up!!  The second time around will be good
Alright Addy time to do something.
Addi please work a count.
Good time for a Russel bomb here
Joe Buck, go fuck yourself. Rizzo pumps swipes.
Oh yeah, remember guys, we're "STEALING SIGNS" lololol.
Im liking the way this inning is going. Hill looks nervous 
He always looks nervous.
Oh man, fucking with em so hard.
Rizzo is rustling Hill's jimmies lol. 
Where did ball 1 miss there? See it goes both ways. 
Are we getting to Hill?
Pitch going so high. Loving it. Cmon russel bring em home
Addi will make it happen!!!!!!!!
well hes gonna be at 40 pitches at least, thats good 
No mention by Buck of stealing signs?
Hill is gonna have 40+ pitches after this inning. 
Baez and now Russell BARELY missing some pitches. We're due for a big night I...
RIZZO STEALING SIGNS RN
I"m going to need another bottle at this pace. 
I'm fine with the pace right now
Definitely not complaining.
LOL yes! Shake them up!
Come on Addi
gotta take advantage now 
Oh god oh god oh god
Free upgrade thanks Delta SkyMiles.
We are getting HUGE breaks here right now
Alright, boyos, let's make something happen here.
Work them bases boys. 
Sick now hill is crossing up his catcher. He is all fucked up.
Did our sighs stealing cause that wild pitch Grandal?
that ball got passed him cus stealing signs
Addy is struggling so hard
Maybe Rizzo was stealing signs and Grandal got worried!
Get these two in baby
Please god let us score
god damn it
great at bats this inning. bring em home!
Rich Hill couldn't play today - his cousin Mitch is actually on the mound.
They're basically giving us a gift on a silver platter this inning. We need t...
Major facepalm 
God damn it man
Dat curve... :/
We need crooked numbers here.
Come on boys. Gotta make hay while the sun shines
Ugh
Bench Russell now.  His offense is a liability 
Arrieta GS?
Damn that was a good pitch. 
HEY MIGGY HEY MIGGY
Miggy, let's do it again! 
Dang it
Wow
:(
Let him hear it Miggy
RIP...
fuck.
ah fuck
Downside, no score.

Upside, Hill's current pitch count. 
Have to take advantage of those situations, at least we're getting to him
Well..... pitch count for next time through the lineup. :/
Guess who bats next
[deleted]
 I like yours better
President Dong
Crap on a crap stick
MOTHER FUCKER
Ah well fuck
Hit that harder and it would have went by Utley's glove.
Fuck me. There's reasons to be encouraged after that inning but we seem timid...
This is just killing me.
Good lord. Golden opportunity. I have a feeling Joe would've called for a squ...
Lol. Like Mizzou basketball is gonna do shit. 
Is that the Dodger equivalent of the rooftop seats?
throw striiiiikkes
Holy shit those would be some sweet sears
Contreras bat needs to be in the lineup in the outfield
The classic match up between Chick and Lad.
I'm happy with the approach at the plate overall this game. And I'm thinking ...
That 3-1 slider had some good movement. I'm encouraged
I feel like this GDT is moving slower than the others
The game is too. 
Please stop trying to kill each other!
Come on guys 
What the heck was that. 
*GULP*
WTF holy shit that brought back bad memories
That's not we put our heads together...
Jorge pls
Was that collision a bingo spot? Did we have a bingo card today?
Drink
This team is playing some ugly ass baseball.
Oh Jorge 
Josh Reddick looks like cricket from always sunny.
This ump sounds like Bryan Cranston in that one episode of That 70's Show
Context plz
He sounds like my karate instructor.
You're god damn right
That was a straight nasty sequence from Arrieta
That was some good pitching
Awesome inning!
Well jake got me all hit n bothered that inning.
GOD FUCKING DAMMIT!! Thanks fire TV and PlayStation Vue for deciding to be a ...
I think it's the FOX feed. I'm watching on the Fox app and it's crapping out ...
Great fucking timing!
I have a feeling there is an issue at the stadium or southern California. The...
Fuckin solar flares man.
Now let one rip into the seats, Jake!
Switching out of Soler Flair
Just got home.  See the Cubs bats are still asleep.  
I say Fuck Jobu
Hill is definitely hittable tonight
God, don't let him off the hook with like 5 pitches. make him work dammit!
There we go Bryant 
Nice job KB. Extend the inning.
How bout a little two out magic? 
All it takes is one hit to start a landslide.
Right? It's been like that all year. One HR or hit and it seems to set the te...
Alas, not this time.
Time for Zobrist to hit a bomb
There goes the no hitter. 
Let's hope Jake can get a quick one here.
I don't know man, Jake seems like he's got pretty good stamina
No, there was a leadoff man in the first
Seager got the hit. He hits 2nd.
O
That's it. Everyone! We're growing Arietta playoff beards from now on. No sha...
The last time I skipped shaving was G3 of the NLDS. I'll pass
I can't grow a beard. :(
Not with *that* attitude
Kaner mullet for you. 
I gotta dress professional for an exam next week though. 
You'll be fine dammit. The mullet commands respect. 
Last week I got taken off for addressing the person by their name, instead of...
Seriously? That's ridiculous. 
Yeah, they're crazy. It's rough. All depends who you get grading you. 
Sounds like someone has too much power and enjoys jerking off over it. 
It was a woman but yeah I agree. 
Buy one
Some of us are women
Below the belt beard. 
Leg Beard then 
Glue it on!
They probably sell them next to the fake moustaches!
Don't shave your legs?! I'm a woman looking forward to the winter lol.
that was fucking filthy
Both pitches too 
Rich Hill looks like a sitcom dad
Related to Hank, I tell you what.
and that was a make up call for the pitch against utley
-_-
god dammit
No me gusta.
Fudge
fuck
Cmon Jorge. Dumb throw. 
#*fuck*
Boo
Well this is going great.
Fuck.
It takes two to tango
Seager has great hair. 
Hey is something up with comcast or FS1? Im getting a colored bar screen
Fucking seager...now I get to lose my damn mind with every out instead of hal...
Why would you let him swing 3-0
Because Buck is a moron. 
They're straight up dumb.
There goes that AB.
Fuuuuuuuuck man, can we just get on base at least?
Gotta get on base there
well shit.
Over-under on when they pull Hill?? I say 6th inning
Why so early? Not like our guys are doing anything. We have 1 hit.
True, but he looks like dogshit and seems like a nervous wreck, maybe that's ...
At this rate, 8th. 
Poop dicks.
GAWWHHHHHHH!!!!
Well the cubs are winning at pop ups.
Baez getting under it twice now. Hoping the move to 5 isn't changing his swing.
Omfg our offense needs to get their head out of their ass. This is pathetic.
So many fucking popups.
Make them pay for the second chance, Soler.
We need someone new out there
That is nonsense. Nonsense.
fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Not a bad scoop, Jorge 
Gonzalez is pretty fucking good.
Dodgers have some of the weirdest looking players I swear
We're spoiled with our GQ team. 
Weirder than Hunter Pence?
JA off speed  stuff looking good

I think he might have come off
He came off the bag
He didn't actually keep the tag on
to be fair JA is pitching good! 

God damn, baez.....
Can't blame Javy for that.
Still frustrating.
God damn pederson sucks
I don't like that guy
He's off the bag
Tag wasn't on when Reddicks hand came off the bag
we need papa :(
So dirty, like..Fuck.
put in papa already
Who?
Papa
imma walk away 
Brooooooooo
Yikes.
That stings. 
Ouch
Time to jump on it!
Just random noise should give us a good inning at some point.
Thanks Benny
Let's git some hits boys. 
Fucking 1 hit, what in the fuck
Time to call our bats! They need to wake up or they're going to be late! 
It's all good, your offense has to score 3 runs to give you a chance on avera...
This is not ideal. 
omfg this zone
chip away guys
Now he lines out. Ffs
Miggy "the Meme Man" Montero boutta do his magic
Damn, I feel like we're getting BABIP'd to hell this series. 
They have magnets in the ball and their gloves...

#magnetgate2016.
When you aren't hitting anything hard that tends to happen 
C'mon Jobu, wake up bats!
Addi need out. Move zo to 2nd, Javy to 3rd and put Almora in 
Why is this happening?
What is up with this soft contact BULLSHIT. 
C'mon boys, let's turn this around
Cy Hill
Every damn ball going right to their fucking gloves. 
Maybe try to hit it where they arent for a change.  These guys dont have to m...
god these fucking defenders in the perfect position everytime
Did the cubs take some shitty drugs after game one? Are they home sick now? G...
Well the Cubs have 2 innings to take the lead until Jansen comes in 
Losing helps the whiskey go down a bit easier since I need it now 
This ad was terrible.
What the unholy living fuck was that commercial for stride
What the fuck was that stride commercial 
[deleted]
Anyone have any gypsy tears out there? 
We're entering clothes pins on the nipples territory here 
I...whar?
That's just a pathetic Stat. And they wonder why hill has settled in.
Great innings for Jake
Alright boys.  Give me something to be hopeful about this inning.  Give a shi...
Someone post the reverse FAAMS
LETS GET SOME RUNS
Time for the start of the Rally!!!
When you dropped your grilled cheese and your offense can't buy a hit: https:...
Corey Seager looks like an out of shape Ryan Lochte
Good call
I'm 1/3 of the way through a fifth of Jack.  We are done with the fifth.  Coi...
Hey, me too!
Are you me?
Are you confusing liquor wth tears? If so, then yes.
Whose tears are you drinking?
I believe my flair applies now more than ever before. I feel depressed that I...
series isn't 3-1, it's 1-1
Vikings and Red Wings??????
Strange, isn't it?
I don't like them. 
You go we go baby come on 
Fuck this stupid blistery fucker rich hill
We go with Fowler
Right at him, yet again.
Wish Kris would juggle my balls
Hot start
Can...we...get...a....break?
Man, we look flat.  
look at that. a 2 pitch at bat for an easy first out.
Anyone have the babip stat for this series?
Just hang one of those in the zone.
Why does every fucking ball go right at someone. For christfuckingsake.
I mean Bryant just dropped one in so....
At least Bryant came to hit.
Holy shit has Bryant been good this postseason. 
Anybody else having a problem witht he game not showing up on fox sports go?
I'm not using it right now, but that happens to me constantly. I think it's j...
Come on Zob!
Thank you Kris.  Keep it up,  buddy. 
The funnest thing you can do playing baseball is to hit the ball right to a f...
Finally their magnets in their gloves didn't work. 
Fucking right KB. Patience. Patience. Patience.
Why is it every average pitcher has been playing they are the cy young favorite
Somebody. Plz. Anything.
MV fucking P.  Let's go.
 Bryant setting it up for the game tying Rizzo homerun. 
COME ON ZOBRIST, GET ON AND RIZZO WILL TIE THE GAME
If that first pitch to Kris was a strike then the one in the 4th shouldve bee...
At least Bryant's head isn't permanently stuck in his ass.
If the BABIP gods want to give it all back at once, I'd take it.

(Cubs were ...
That first pitch for Bryant was not a strike.  Makes it hard to do anything. 
Yet he got on base.  It's baseball.  It happens.  Man up and get a fucking hit. 
Hahaha omg Zob, so funny. Ill see you again in the 9th too!! Come on boys!! S...
That's something.  Now build on it.
At least Bryant came to play
This is just sad man
Pls Rizz
I get the whole lefty/lefty thing benefits the pitcher, but Zobrist has hit b...
KB is the only batter we can count on to be consistent. Sad. 
COME ON RIZZO. HIT A FUCKING HOME RUN
Try not to suck
This has to be like historically bad
Please leave that curve up to Rizzo again. 
Come on Fizz we need it here
Wonderful.  Just wonderful.
Yo.....what the fuck is going on....
Yuck
Rich "Clayton Bumgartner Kershaw" Hill
Welp... that's great.
It's hard not to be sad rn
9 outs to work with to get 3 runs, plenty of time! 
4
Spoke too soon
Welp
Bad and not getting better.
Yuck, like it fucking matters...
fuck me
That would happen, wouldn't it. 
This is bad......
:(
Man...where is Jake :'(
Please kill me. How is Rich Hill shitting all over us?
Welp. There's only so much misery I can take. 
gonna hide in my room in the dark and lock the door.
Lol, so happy I'm going to the game tomorrow..
How is this Jake's fault
It's not jakes fault (although 4 ER is a lot). It's that we know our current ...
It isn't, its hard to pitch when you have no comfort of run support or a cons...
He's pitching.
Well 4 runs isn't good but he's not getting run support so idk
True, it's not like 2 homers just came off his pitches.
Isn't even going to matter 
I should be used to this by now 
that'll do.
That'll do it
We can't hit lefties for shit for some reason 
They have everything on their side right now
This is the absolute most upsetting case. 
we need to chop some fucking wood
4 runs isn't insurmountable, but the Cubbies are playing with the same lack o...
[Not like this...](http://i.imgur.com/LOicMJA.gif)
FFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!
That's not good
Well, not the score I wanted to see after rehearsal. I still believe 
I'm fucking done with the NL West...
Robby Zed can right the ship. 
Does he hit grand slams?
Nope.  BUT WOOD CAN!!!!
Apparently not Zastahsienvkakfny?
Realistically what game will Kershaw start next? 
Game 5.  We need to win tomorrow.  Today would've been a lot better.  But if ...
[deleted]
I actually think if the Dodgers win tonight it will be Game 6
only if they don't win game 4.  They have a chance to end it in game 5 with K...
[deleted]
Legal purposes, man.
Well shit..
I think the hitters are hoping to hit everything/something as opposed to look...
-_____________-
I feel like we could use our own version of r/panicciti right about now
-----> /r/chicubscirclejerk 
Yeah but we need more panic and kneejerk reaction posts
Gimme some of that Blanton....
Curve ball, bats are afraid. 
Grimm giving Puig the fucking staredown.
Based Javy
#let's go let's go let's score a bit  and then let's go
And then score a bit more.
Way to get out. Come on Russell do something please.
Let's do this bitches!
We coming for you Blanton! 
Someone...do something. Then someone else...
Man, I miss having base runners. I feel like we string a few hits together an...
Unload the bats on Blanton.
This is the inning, I can feel it!
It's a best of 7 series, and this game looks bleak. I just want to see a run ...
WHAT DID WE DO BABIP GODS?
BABIP hates us
Have shitty weak popups and groundballs, then your babip will be shitty
Blanton? Fuck, if we can't capitalize the shit outta this....
Blanton is actually damn good 
Good contact at least 
And now that is just plain shit luck.
These guys dont have to move at all. 
Hopefully we can hit better off a "regular" throwing pitcher. 
Right to them, again
Oh jesus their Baez is up...
Bye Jorge
I hope Baez somehow gets one more chance to try and set the cubs record for l...
*sees Baez in the bullpen and grabs gun from drawer*
Chris Cocklan
Cogs says fuck you.
Wow
there we fucking go, some energy
Nice hustle! 
Cogs respects 90
Ok who turned up the difficulty setting for these past few games?
LET IT BEGIN
Probably overturned... WTF ARE WE GONNA DO GOD DAMN IT!!!
Coghlan going hard and putting out effort at least
Omg what the fuck!
Out :/ 
Easy call 
Coulda just taken him out...oh right.
SAFE?!
Nevermind!
meh. out. crap. 
Fuck. Your. Shit.
Two games of utter disappointment 
I mean goose egging against Kershaw is one thing, but this is dissaointing. S...
Looks out. Incredible effort, though.
Addi is in timeout
:(
Come on J-Hey! Get us a spark!
Aight J-Hey let's get something cooking.
How is that not interference?
Not interference. Obstruction. But it was. Pretty simple to call. 
Wow, what a trash AB
Holy fucking shit this is fucking pathetic
So bad
awful.
Fuck
It's hard to believe this game isn't over.
It was over a long time ago. 
Not even gonna say it.
That summed it up nicely
Classic Heyward.
Wtf Heyward is so bad at the plate
J-Hey, you look at 2 strikes, but why the golf swing to a pitch at the dirt?
Heyward must have been in the middle of a conversation that he wanted to get ...
Pretty bad game so far. 
Doesn't really matter if we're facing sketchy relief pitching when everyone i...
I feel like a lot of this is mental. Gotta get out of our own heads.
Fuck hell, Heyward
Guess who is going to get drunk
Ooh, I know, I know. Me!!!
Hey I wanted to be the one! :(
Hahaha :( ðŸ»ðŸº
Yay!!!!!
That's was one of the worst at bats I've ever seen.
Holy fucking shit Heyward. That was some pathetic ass batting.
Anyone got the dugout number? I've got a call for Joe. 
Game 4:

1. Fowler Cf 
2. Bryant 3B
3. Rizzo 1B
4. Baez SS
5. Contreras LF
6....
Can Bryant play everywhere? At once?
I wish 
Needs more Cobra.
Cobra is eh and Urias is another lefty
Those were some very bright shoes.
Thank you Grimm
This is all part of the plan to make sure they get it back to Wrigley for the...
I liked that shot of Rossy, Rizz, and Cobra 
Come on ALMORA!!
It sounded painful to Buck to admit the series doesn't end tonight. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMQP7QPN0bk

Currently 
I was ready to tie a noose if that went out
Pete Rose looking and acting like Benny from LA Law and shit. 
Lester will give us a fighting chance and maybe Hendricks can keep us close a...
Lester should go tomorrow so he can go again game 7. 
:-(
God fucking dammit
Seriously?
This is getting stupid. 
Holy fuck I am getting pissed
Sometimes it just isn't your night...3 outs to work with still but by god it ...
Sometimes it isn't your night two nights in a row :/
At this point I find no reason to protest another run for the Dodgers.  We su...
Well, talk about a boner killer of an inning.
All I can hope for is for the Rizzo and Russell to have the game of their liv...
How long has this been a hope of yours? Some things never seem to change abou...
Come on Cubs! Do some of that scoring shit!
God if they play like this for 2 more games... I don't even know man
[deleted]
The kind of sad where I don't get out of bed for 100 years no matter how many...
It's not over. Not by a long shot. 
games almost over and the foxsportsgo app is still showing ads for tonight's ...
that wasnt a strike
They're just setting this up for a game seven because it gets more views
Jansen wearing some tighty whiteys
#wear out this arm
We might get a bit lucky here if we can make Jansen work and force him to thr...
what is a 'hit'?
Rizzo jack would be nice. Just to get his head in a better place if nothing e...
Cubs will win this game 6-4
Can we chill it's fucking game 3 of the NLCS and people are writing this seas...
Nobody expected it to be easy, but maybe it's not insane to expect this team ...
I mean yeah, but you should calm down too.
Not a lot of optimism in these at bats man, trying to stay positive but we al...
See I didn't expect it to be easy. But I also didn't expect the team to OPS 6...
Exactly, you have to earn it and the Cubs are showing no signs of doing that....
Not a whole lot of optimism in these at bats man, trying to stay positive but...
4 hits in almost two full. Kershaw gets another one. Zero signs of life. Pret...
I know that it's postseason baseball and I've seen crazy shit happen all the ...
Yeah and we can't count on eight innings of crap and ninth inning comebacks a...
"I've seen crazy shit happen." #Analysis

If we need crazy shit to happen to ...
And I actually thought this team had a shot... this is basically the Mets ser...
This is what choking looks like. 
Eh. Choking is being up by a lot then losing. Bats haven't been there most of...
Can we bench addy already
Shit bats, but amazing defense. Chill oit
Kershaw is one of the best pitchers in the game and the announcers like him. ...
I hate to be that kind of "fan" but, they seem to always go out of their way ...
Stop blaming the ump. He's consistently calling the same stuff for both teams 
You guys are some negative mofos. If this sub isn't positive about the Cubs -...
Have we been watching the same team? The pitching is great, the batting is at...
I know right? It is a cesspit of negativity. 
Are you watching the same Cubs everyone else is?
Yes. And I watched the ones where we came back in the 8th and everyone was on...
Your mom.
e-rekt
How can you ignore it?? Good God 3-4-5 is 0-17?!? 
Really never believed in the curse until the hitting in this series.
Hitting has been average all year. Cubs were great at getting in base this ye...
Where were you last year against Murphy in the NLCS?
Last year was kind of "we're a year early" and I was just happy we beat the C...
how are we going to waste this? pop out or strike out?
Groundout to second 
Probably a walk to put 2 on then a nice groundout to end the inning.
Sounds about right.
Fuck LA. At least we dont have to worry about wild fires, earthquakes, and wa...
Nope, just losing in the NLCS 
Negativity is a cancer. Our guys need our positivity and support more than ev...
They dont know us. We dont play for the cubs. They are negative
I'm so sick of hearing them suck Rich Hill's dick. He has been playing like s...
The announcers say good things about the players that are currently playing w...
I mean the guy is one step short of Rudy.  Not a shock a big talking point is...
He's allowed one hit.
Huh? No he hasn't. Dudes given up 1 hit 
He's been hanging curves over the plate all night. The Cubs can't hit them.
Lol.  Shutout with 1 hit allowed = playing like shit?
Can the mods make a thread for our optimistic fans and then another for the p...
>Can the mods make a thread for our ~~optimistic~~ real fans and then another...
> Anyone who watched this team all year knows we're not out of this game nor ...
hmmm.... 4 games over a year ago, or 162 over the last 6 months?
This team is resembling the 4 games over a year ago category
Maybe the cubs can score a run.... I mean shit they're playing their worst ba...
I support this 100000000000% 
10 innings in row with nobody even reaching 3rd. 
Calm down bro.
[deleted]
Member the Mets
Bench addy, put Baez over at short, zo at 2nd, anyone in Left or right
This significantly worsens our defense
Addy's bat significantly worsens our offense
Can we get Heyward out there yet?
And we're fucked.
Ok time for everyone to Bucket Flair up
Fucking downvote me but can we please pull Jake and Miggy
Goodnight. Fuck this. 
See ya. Did you go to sleep early during game 4 too
This team has turned into a fucking joke. It's fucking pathetic that they jus...
Can somebody on the cubs get a fucking hit? Fucking seriously, you shitstains...
Kb can
Well, with our young team we shouldn't choke until the World Series next year...
We still got this man. It's game 3
I haven't lost faith. I'm more mocking all these jackasses who are losing the...
All right guys, I'm out for the night.  Calling the final score 6-4.  See you...
I am sick and tired of all these slo-mo Dodger highlight montages since game ...
We've had 16 innings of Jack shit since game 1
Maybe if the Cubs provided some highlights they'd have something else to show. 
tbf, what haven't given them anything to work with in the last 2 games. 
Those are the only fucking highlights. Holy shit. 
El Oh Fucking El
3 more outs for the Cubs bats to turn it around in this game. Let's see if th...
Well it looks like we're done. Fucking pathetic.
Then leave. We don't want you here.
Get out
Don't.
Cubs - 0. Dodgers - 0. Gary Cedarstrom - 3 
Hossa just scored his 500th career goal
I'm not a Hawks fan, so I don't give a shit that the man of glass scored his ...
Oh my god who cares
I just don't care
Oh good, the umpire complaining has already started. I was worried it wouldn'...
>Oh good, the **complaining about the announcers** has already started. I was...
Why not both taco girl gif needed. 
Don't you know? There's not a single umpire in MLB that is good enough to be ...
Jesus Christ Russell what the fuck
ARRIETA DONGER INBOUND
Calm down gang. Lots of ball game left. 
Get Soler out 
Just got back from a Diplo concert. What'd I miss? 
Why are you playing with Duplo?  Those are Legos for 2 year-olds.
The fuck is Duplo?
Cubs bats are asleep, all trying to smash dongers, no one bothering to get on...
More of the same, no show for the offense
Virginia tech?
Yep
Well thats game
Fuck Yasmini Grandal's stupid fucking face 
okay let's win the next one
Damn, I'm trying here people... but we just don't got it tonight 
Hill is done for the night. Cubs are going to get back into this guys.
Nobody can get on base except Bryant.
We're just dead. 
Well - tomorrow is must win. We did hit like six homers off Urias in our firs...
[deleted]
With Lester only pitching like 77 I really hope he goes tomorrow 
Lester on short rest? It hasn't, but I'd be a little surprised if he sent Les...
Interesting glasses Urias.
http://www.truebluela.com/2015/5/19/8625593/julio-urias-eye-surgery-disabled-...
Huh I never heard about that.
A shitty AB by a shitty hitter.
I'm out. Can one of the people who are preaching positivity let me know when ...
If we go down 3-1, I'll start worrying.
Lester threw 77 pitches saturday. He needs to pitch tomorrow.
I dont think our pitcher is going to make a difference after 18 dcoreless inn...
Its pathetic.  This is what happens to us every postseason 
Are you fucking mad
No
K guys, the rally blanket is coming out.
Yessssssssss! That thing can get results
A lot of long faces in the dugout
Urias looks like he has pink eye lol
Urias' eyes make me extremely uncomfortable 
What you squintin at boy?
Um why? I don't get this 
Google what he looks like
Dex should bunt here just for the luls
Still got another inning here gents
There is zero confidence in this team right now.
5 more innings guys... calm the fuck down. Ya'll act like we've never had to ...
I'm honestly getting a little sick of people telling everyone to calm down. A...
And for this sub, the time to get agitated and throw in the towel is every si...
I think people are on edge. Thats to be expected when you're in the nlcs. Its...
God, you guys are all fucking babies. It's just NOW the 6th inning.
Well hopefully we win tomorrow. Cuz Kershaw is pitching game 5. So we'll go b...
We just need the bats to wake up.  If the offense can get going we got this.   
Dont know why people are downvoting you. Its the most probable outcome
All the positive Pete's are downvoting. I'm just being realistic
Already extremely nervous. We cannot lose to Rich Hill. 
What a shitty fucking start
sigh
don't lose to this fuckhead that can't stop fingering his own asshole long en...
That's a former Cub that can't stop fingering his own asshole to let his blis...
It's why you guys had to let him go. He kept trying to give everyone a dirty ...
Rich Hill looks like he needs to sleep more, he's got massive bags under his ...
Damn, would've been huge with Miggy up next against a lefty.  nonetheless let...
Russell is really pissing me off 
Sigh....
we've got to do something about addy. he's an automatic out right now.
I'm sorry joe but offense has been so bad you have To put contreras at the pl...
should put him in LF, Zobrist 2B, Baez SS
so freaking stupid
They were both calling for it....
CF has right of way if both call for it
which means its the CF's ball
Jesus Soler.
No, Jorge.
Holy crap that was an awesome shot of the sun.
Reminded me of Red Dead Redemption 2.
Cant wait
Me too, the first one might be a top 10 favorite for me.
I *just* heard the news about an hour ago. So excited for that oh man.
For real, watching Westworld is giving me that itch to play it too.
Is that any good?
Yeah, I think so. It's a lot to follow, but I think it's by design. I watched...
Cool! I'll have to try it sometime.
Looked hazy and polluted.  
Sunsets in California are something else.
Smoltz cheerleading against the Cubs is getting beyond ridiculous
Jesus fuck what was that haggard mom-do thing they cut to?
She wants to talk to the manager
No one ever claimed Soler had a high baseball iq 
That's pretty clear so far yoday
Fucking Soler. He won't get a hit and will fuck us on defense. 
ah cmon boys. just relax. I feel like everyone is tightening up.
Jesus Miguel
This game blows. There's no possible way anything else could conceivably go w...
We could lose?
As if 1 run didn't seem difficult enough. C'mon guys, gotta get the bats going.
Gonna go smoke, hope to come back to a crooked number against Hill.
4th line drive right at a guy.
"line drive"
"Line drive" 
last 14 innings: 3 hits, 0 runs
Cubs looking like game 3 blackhawks 
I don't even know what to say about this offense. Flaccid. Like 2015 all over...
No pressure in the regular season. Especially when up by 10-15 games in your ...
The top of the order needs to get at least one run. We're getting anemic here. 
At least one? You're too modest. They need to break out in the biggest possib...
Probably same people complaining that thought the Giants series was over befo...
IT'S COMEBACK TIME BOYS. FUCK THE PESSIMISTIC BULLSHIT THE CUBS ARE GOING TO ...
Nice nice nice, love it Dex. Youll get another AB in the 9th!!!!
BABIP GODS WHY?
Man we are getting BABIP'd to shit tonight.
was that really a strike tho
Oh look a popup
It's only "a big story" because all you dumbfucks haven't taken a single basi...
Fucking pitiful. 
Pathetic at bats by dex and zo
At least Bryant can get a hit.
Hill, why you heff to be so good this year?
Woof. 
Garbage.
I tried to be positive, but fuck this.
i'm so over it dude.  i'm tired of putting my heart into the cubs, only to be...
I told my wife that I am always cautious when it comes to the cubs.  Unfortun...
I'm honestly wondering if the Goat's one catch to Theo's rebuild was that the...
Leave the beachball in, it might give the Cubs a chance to get some hits.
Rally Bucket Up
Anyone else remember what happened the last time we were trailing, unable to ...
Yeah.  Good times.  They already had triple the hits that game than we've see...
No. Because the Cubs have never trailed in this series in games they scored r...
Hmm. Weird, i seem to remember the game being tied because they scored 3 runs.
I thought we went down 4-3 before he hit the GS? Would seem I was mistaken.
Don't confuse diving into dirt with hustle. Run through the fucking bag. 
Kinda hard when there's a damn pitcher in the way.
Then run into him? He bailed out Blanton if anything. 
Just who we wanted to see bat ðŸ˜’

EDIT: Seriously what the fuck was that?
Are you fucking shitting me Jason? My grandmother knows not to swing at that ...
No we have him another 7 years
He's like Soriano, but a lot worse
Theres our 20 million dollar man!
Heyward looked like he didn't even want to be up there, if his ass wants to q...
Nobody looks like they want to be up there. This team looks like it's quittin...
These fans don't even give a shit while we live and die with our team.  And t...
We don't give a shit?
Correct... at any moment they can be seen texting, preening or otherwise dist...
We need Szczur.
Not on the NLCS roster
I know. I wish he was.

I love how I get downvoted because I like a certain p...
We can still need him lol 
Just not tonight
Lets go MOMENTUM!
This would really suck if it were the division series.
fucking curseshaw. we must break him.
All the bats cold at the same time means they're all gonna get hot at the sam...
HOLY SHIT an XBH.
Hey a runner in scoring position!
YEEEEEEEET
Well, thats a start.
Wow a hit
Alright, how about a bomb here KB?
No fight. Just deadness. Why?
Thank you, Dexter.
There we go!
You go, we go.
Rally bucket time!
Wooh 
Hey a hit!
FUKYES!
It would be nice to get a hit with less than 2 outs at some point. But at thi...
Please
Angel Hernandez behind the plate tmrw?
Please God no 
Time to delete the At Bat App.

Again.
Well fuck it, I'm done for the night. Lets hope the team can get it together ...
everything went wrong this game. SHIT HITTING, when a guy actually hits its s...
Plz don't tell me we're just gonna go cold in the NLCS AGAIN.
We weren't really hot in the nlds either to be honest.
[deleted]
to be fair, joe buck puts me in a foul mood really fast too
Another outcome decided by the umpire. Bring on robo umps.
Lol I hope these guys have thick skin because the off season is going to be b...
HEYWARD IS SUCH A FUCKING PIECE OF GARBAGE JESUS CHRIST

FUCK HEYWARD. HE HAS...
Yet he has a 1.5 WAR.  That's not nothing. 
And that's the game.
Its the 4th inning. Please.
[deleted]
True fans are allowed to be upset at this pathetic offense rn. 3 hits over 14...
So fans should only be positive, never critical? If all you want to read is "...
Critical sure. We suck areawfilultheseriesisover is useless. Stop. It. 
"true fans"

Jesus Christ, dude.
The sad part is how could they be any better or more setup to win than this y...
The best team in the league has won, what, 3 times since 98? You should know ...
Eh, anything can happen game to game. We're still a great fucking team and on...
Is this series best of 3 all of a sudden? wowza.
With the way we're hitting I don't think it matters if it's best of 15
Now now
Relax man, its only 2-1. Say this when its 3-1 lol
It's game 3 lol. 
I thought this was only game 3
I know the series is 1-1 and this game is still young, but with the way the o...
[deleted]
But we have no offense. Scare on
When we can't score runs it doesn't feel good.
Cubs havent scored a run in the last 15 innings. 1 run is a mountain
My irl friends who are Cubs fans are complete morons I can't stand it. They d...
Hate that shit.
not even sure thats possible
Oh, and Eddie Lacy is likely out on Thursday for the Packers. Be cheerful bou...
I'm a Packers fan, and this is a Cubs sub.
Reminding everyone that the Bears exist isn't going to cheer up anyone right ...
I'm trying anything dammit
Our offense is a joke
While (Cubs != champions)  
{  
nextyear = thisyear + 1;  
Cout << "Next year...
Yeah I don't care what other fans do. Down 2-1 isn't the end of a 7 game seri...
Lost in ALCS in 03 and won the series in 04
I appreciate the optimism, but let's be honest, Theo went all in this year an...
Cubs may never score again tbh
Wow Rich Hill is gonna throw a 1 hitter against us.
No. 
he wont make it past the 6th
This broadcast is so biased it's disgusting. Really Scmoltz? Fuck you dude..
I don't understand how he was such big Giants fans and now he's even bigger D...
Precisely.
What positive is there to talk about the Cubs? 
Honestly how can it not be biased when it is this one-sided. There is literal...
Well we sure as hell haven't gave them much to talk about 
To all of you putting this on Arrieta are ridiculous.  It's tough to not have...
He gave up 4 runs in 5 innings. The offense sucked but arrieta was unacceptab...
I don't disagree with you,  what I mean tho is it's tough coming in to a game...
Also when the ump sucks. Jake ain't getting paid tho. He fucked up. Should ha...
When you don't get run support you probably shouldn't throw meatballs 
Umm, the Grandal HR wasn't a meatball though.
It's not on him. But he wasn't good tonight. Typical second half 2016 Jake here.
A lot of it is on Arrieta. No one made him give up the homers.
Cubs always gotta check out in the NLCS
Our main hitters checked out in the NLDS
AHHHHH Jansen; well this game is likely over now.
Dudes thrown like 120 pitches through 7 post season games. You'd like to thin...
He blew several saves this year
Been great all post season.
So lets change that
That's not true. He gave up four runs to the Nats in one game. 
He got blown up one time against the Nats, but he's been a rock for the Dodge...
FUCK THAT. RALLY THE SHIT OUT OF JANSEN. I DON'T CARE ABOUT THE STATS.
5 calls have hurt the cubs tonight. 2 resulted in points for the dodgers. 0 c...
So we'll just call it 2-0.  
This didn't lose the game. 0 runs beat no one 
The Cubs have 3 hits. Fuck off about the umpires. 



Also they're called run...
im just stating how fucked that actually is no matter how many hits we have. ...
with no regard for 2spooky5meman life
Thanks Russell.  Not even a sac fly.  Nothing.   Hate leaving runners on when...
This fucking offense is garbage
Kickstarter to fund Joe Bucks hair implants so he has to stop being a shitty ...
Fuck Larry King.
The dodgers can score one run or 100. Doesn't matter when the cubs can't prod...
This is such bull shit. I know we are a good team now show it! Rich Hill is a...
He's far from a bum.
Game. Over.
Dude.  Have you not been watching this post season?  Go be grumpy Gus somewhe...
I have been watching the whole season. And it has been some of the most abysm...
I agree.  Very frustrating to watch for sure
Do you not remember game 4 a week ago.
Lol ok one inning of game 4, the offense functions. How about the other 6.9 g...
Game 1, 8 runs? Chill
0 runs in what almost 17 innings since then? 
I'm so fucking done
Let me guess, you were done during game 4 vs the giants too
Hey Arrieta! How about you get the fuck off the mound!

Lol.  
Sold hawks tickets tonight to watch the game.. I still have some faith left, ...
They win this, and we will see Kershaw in game 5 for sure.
I know we joke about the curse, but what are the babip stats of this series. ...
When we stop making soft contact 
It feels like Arrieta hasn't won since he dominated the pirates last year in ...
He dominated the beginning of this season too. 
And yet he's won 18 times and handed the NLDS game to the bullpen with a 3-2 ...
It just seems like recently he's reverted back to his orioles days. Great for...
He started the year like 9-0 with a ridiculous ERA and then has pretty much b...
Yeah he's been hit or miss this second half. He's had flashes of greatness, a...
And there was that no hitter thing 
Game set match we are done fuck the dodgers, Mets,cardinals I'm out. Been a f...
The fucking leave. You suck and we don't want you here.
And don't come back.
Later bitch 
*jimmies rustled*
Don't let the door hit you on the way out, bud. 
Rich Hill has a career postseason ERA of fucking 7.20

He's a lifetime AAA gu...
You mean The Bishop and Mexican Kershaw?
Think you're underestimating both of those guys, but I hope you're right
I hope so, too!

RemindMe! 4 hours 
Aaron Rodgers: r-e-l-a-x....
Welp.  3 runs is about 2 too many for this team.
Yeah we have never scored more than 1 run even in this very series!
Is there any chance the Cubs' post-season struggles this year and last year a...
Right or wrong, but if the Cubs do this again next year and have their Houdin...
I'd say it's the players fault but realistically the buck stops at the coache...
I'm seriously starting to consider it. If it were one or two guys struggling ...
He's not the one out there sucking dick at the plate 
Yeah but then who takes accountability there? Someone has to manage the playe...
Someone has to hit the ball too.
No.  look at rizzo's line. 
look on the bright side: this is the best Cubs team in a long, long time to c...
I hope that eventually they get so good that we can win 130 games before they...
that would really be something
2013 cubs have arrived.
2003
2015 NLCS
2013?  Are you serious?  Get that crap out of here.  We're here for a reason.
I bet the 2013 Cubs would have the same amount of runs as us right now.
2013 Cubs would be watching from home right now.
Regular season and October are completely different, as you can see (:
I know it'd be panic moves. But it's time for panic moves. Rizzo and Russell ...
Rizzo is our captain. If the season ends he's going down with the ship. Besid...
We're not coming back 
Then leave. We don't need your negativity.
[deleted]
would have been fine if strike 3 was called strike 3
[deleted]
I'll take that bet.
I just hope the Cubs can recover and make the playoffs next year as opposed t...
Seriously this is one game, you guys aren't done yet
Baez at short Zob at 2nd
Contreras at Left
People that use rally towels are boring and unoriginal and should never breed.
Fucking pathetic
I just cannot understand how the entire team has just forgotten how to hit.  ...
Lmao that wasn't at all close, that was a swing. 
Jesus.  Rich Hill for Cy Young.  What the hell.
That's what we said about Matt Moore...at a certain point it's about our batt...
Im not saying him for Cy Young.  These commentators make it sound like hes be...
Gotcha, I misinterpreted 
I've never been sadder about sports. 
Do you remember the NFC championship? 
No idea what the fuck you're taking about. If it's the bears, I don't give a ...
Yea same. Stomach in knots all day. Then they come out and show no improvemen...
Does our BABIP for this series start with .0 yet? 
At least this clown eephus throwing fuck is at 90 pitches
but their bullpen is good... 
Jansen is at least.
Making Rich fucking Hill look like an all star
Ballgame.
See you tomorrow.  :/
Fuck you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahnS0J6fffs just click it
#GET WOOD FOR WOOD 
OK boys, 6 ours is plenty for 4 runs. Go cubbies!
When are people going to stop apologizing for the teams bad play and start ca...
Can't do it. Can't watch this team go down in the series. Off to PS4 land.
Game 4, NLDS, Cubs had a 1.7% chance of winning THAT game. It's the 4th innin...
"This is a good offense"

BULLSHIT
We are. We're struggling, but we're a good offense. 
5 hits and 0 runs in two games is a bit more than just struggling.
Did not watch the fucking regular season...
When do we get our rings for regular season records?
I'm glad you don't run the team.
I'm glad you're content with regular season success. Even the NLDS doesn't me...
...Utley kinda has a girly jog. No judgment. Just saying. 
**EVERYBODY PANIC**
Sarcasm isn't even funny btw
I hope his blisters open the fuck up.
Hell, a comebacker at his head might not help at this point.
Chill
holy crap we suck we much
Anyone writing off the cubs rn doesn't get too celebrate if we win
There will be no comeback, sorry.
What's the point of posting this?
Are we the bills of the NL?
Bills made the super bowl. 
My friend that's too kind of u.
Bills actually made it to the big game though.
We would have to make it the World Series for that. 
No, the Bills at least made it to the Super Bowl.
So the Lions then
Isn't it considered to be a breach of etiquette to be stealing 3rd with a fiv...
It's the play offs. You can't take anything for granted.
what?


etiquette?


crying?
Maybe in little league
Not in the playoffs, especially since we came back from 3 down in the 9th inn...
Not in the playoffs. Anything goes. 
Nope. Not when its a 7 game series against the top seed and you want to show ...
WHY DOES OUR OFFENSE SUCK NOW?!
cause its the playoffs and it matters?
[removed]
Hopefully it'll light a fire under this offense
Cubs are done 
gtfo with that negativity
I believe in the paranormal. The curse is real.
Get dressed in a cubs jersey, cubs tie, cubs rally cap, get angry, get hopefu...
Man remember when Arrieta was an ace.  
He still is.
Is he?
Well let's hope he finds his stuff again.
His second half numbers disagree 
Oh piss off.  Having a 2.5-3 ERA still means you give up runs.
He was just not good after first couple of months.  Facts.  Hence why he is o...
Go Indians. 
Go Tribe. Don't lose 4 in a row.
I really can't stomach the Indians winning the WS. The national media would b...
The negativity my god even if we do end up losing this game we're down 2-1......
Most of us know that being down 2-1 is a very bad position to be in. Most of ...
Fuckin A. Folks acting like Rich Hill hasn't dominated when he spots his curv...
Preach. 2-1 isn't great, but it's far from done. 
2-1.

Facing Kershaw in Game 5.

Isn't looking good tbh.
What's to enjoy...?
Yeah, at least we've won a game in the NLCS this year. Just can't shake those...
How long have you been on the bandwagon? The old fans know this narrative. 
I do too and I know we blew a fucking 3-1 lead in '03 anything can happen man 
I've personally been a Cubs fan for over four decades. Have I seen the Cubs l...
I agree but we do know we will see Kershaw again and seeing our bats this pos...
Multiple shit games with no sign of getting out of it. We're done. Maybe if w...
>Multiple shit games

Let's see, of the last 6 games, we've won 4 of them. An...
We squeezed by. Were being exposed now. Again. Fucking tired of it. We lose t...
> Fucking tired of it

Cool then leave
Fuck you
fuck you too, friend
If i wanted my comeback i would have asked your mom
Ok
Hey so what were you saying about being done again?
We have to win today because kershaw is game 6. Kershaw is winning game 6. We...
Kershaw's record during the regular season was 12-4. He's very good, but he s...
He is at this point
Says the guy who just started watching baseball yesterday. 

It's a fickle ga...
Did you just accuse me of being a new band wagoner? Sorry bitch
I don't actually think you're a bandwagoner. 

It's just that the thing you s...
Either way, no way this team beats kershaw if they lose tomorrow. Facing elim...
Wassup yall 2015 in da houuuuuuse
In 2015 we got swept...
It still hurts tho
this team is a fucking joke. same old shit different decade. 
down vote me all you fucking want. it's the truth. this franchise was born to...
I really dislike soler in the field.
I would have started Contreras and put Z in RF.
Same. I despise Heyward in the lineup though lol
LA Money! Man fucking ump

Contreras would've thrown reddick out by a mile, why the fuck is miggy in there 
Remember the grand slam and that he calls a good game too?
the combination of Jake being slow to the plate and miggy being slow to secon...
Well I love my cubbies but goddamn. At least the hawks are killing it! 
[deleted]
Calm the fuck down, it was borderline 
I can't even imagine the shit these guys are gonna have to deal with this off...
You ain't a real fan 
they had a one game lead and its game three, shut the fuck up
[deleted]
2.12 ERA
4+ career ERA. 
Corey Seager, further proving that starting spot on the AS team belonged to him.
Montero sucks
FUCK THIS UMP THIS IS BS
[deleted]
It will tomorrow, trust me.
ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘€ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘€ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘€ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘€ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘€ good shit goà±¦Ô sHitðŸ‘Œ thats âœ” some goodðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘Œshit rightðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒthereðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘Œ right...
And now I have eye cancer.
Is it gonna be like this again? Well hit balls right at people??
Meh, it's only been one hit right at someone. Let's not jump off a cliff yet.
Those looked more like popups to me.
Dodger's stadium looks like a Triple A stadium... or is it just me that sees ...
Well it is the largest stadium in MLB at 56000 seats, so I can understand the...
Well, it's only one of the oldest, most hallowed stadiums in the game. 
Good at bats from Rizzo, Baez, and Fowler now 
Wow
what a way to waste an inning. god that's frustrating 
Oh my god Russell. Why
That was embarrassing 
Ohoo joe gets to talk to his boy friend kershaw
Joe Buck using so many damn buzz words tonight I can't stand it.  Buzz, slash...
Seager is a menace
asjkldfj;aklsdjfa;lks
We grinded their pitcher pretty hard, I wouldn't be too worried guys
Yea they grind at bats. Take a few walks. And then when they need to put the ...
But then he cruised through last inning 
I'm always worried 
Hill a nice, round, punchable face.
But that was a fucking strike though.....
Soler with just terrible jumps on balls tonight
jesus christ
Well we have a chance. Not a huge deficit. 3 is very very doable. 

That said...
The ump seems to only have a strike zone in the top of the innings.  Thanks b...
[removed]
Fuck off
Very clear to the entire world the Cubs can't hit the curve. Look at what hap...
Rich Hill is a Cy Young candidate, right guys?
He might have been if it weren't for all that DL time.
Can we have Kershaw back on the mound?
That homer would have been a solo shot if Cubs had challenged Reddick's stole...
Except he was safe dumbass. We've already been through this. 
Not at all. He was safe.
He was safe. Baez took his glove off when Reddick came off the bag.
he would have been safe
Wasn't enough concrete evidence to overturn.
I'm done watching us take fastballs right down the middle. It's actually unbe...
Or would you rather us make more two pitch outs? Which is it?
We aren't getting hits either way
WOOOOHOOOOO! 
https://twitter.com/CubsUmp/status/788560004974518273 IT NEVER FUCKING ENDS. ...
We've got bigger problems than the ump missing a couple calls
a couple? more like 4 calls 2 resulting in runs
[**@CubsUmp**](https://twitter.com/CubsUmp/)

> [2016-10-19 01:58 UTC](http...
Ugh sit on a goddamn curve
SHIT
Drum drum drum
Jake.  Man.  
I honestly don't know what I was expecting.  
Let's go Woody! Hold em here!
http://youtu.be/LudUBZqEhbI
All we need is Durham back for him to boot a grounder and this year will be c...
or Gonzalez
The wet railing thing would make sense if it weren't for the fact that balls ...
What? Why?
An increase in humidity reduces air density. Something about more hydrogen co...
Hm Joe Blanton, I remember him fondly from game 1.
Get the hate mail ready boys
MOMENTUM!!!!!
Good contact
These calls. Seriously?
This is legit pathetic
Can Grimm pitch the rest of the series
Fucking Habs won...
That man chews 
I wanna see La Stella! 
Not on the roster. 
Not on the roster 
Wait is almora a really slow baserunner?
Yeah, his fielding acumen is based on him having great glovework and running ...
Wo ist der Deutschland Mann?
U wot m8?
Ich trinke mehr Bier und ich lerne deutsch. Ich will ...to drunkenly practice 
A worthy goal.
Ich mag nicht das Spiel 
theres a goddamn xbh
Get it in play KB
3!
Better tag might've gotten him
Now they'll probably take Jansen out of the game

Nevermind...pls atleast mak...
WTF
Anyone else still predicting a shutout? We can't hit their bullpen other than...
Nope
This is fucking rigged. It just hurts baseball for the Cubs to win. 
Worst post of the postseason. Take a lap.
Of all posts this is the worst one? 
Cubs and Smackdown on at the same time!?!? The dilemma is real =(
Dilema for whom? Not anyone with a full mouth of teeth.
Watch Smackdown on mute, listen to Cubs radio broadcast 

Unless you really n...
No way pal, DVR SD and watch the Cubs game.
But..but...every man with two hands has a fighting chance...
I'm with ya, but the you can always go back and see if The Chin who got the P...
No Chin FTW vs. Jake the Snake Arrieta...Okay Cubs on ESPN radio with SD on m...
[deleted]
He's out, if they challenge
Lol no
You didn't look carefully enough
Baez took his glove off him. 
Come on Cubs! You got Game 4!
It's the start of the fifth. Plenty of time to come back.
Let me just say I hope you're right and I'm wrong
Couldn't manage one run against a 38 year old pitcher who had a callus so big...
You should look up Hill's stats on the year since, you know, he's been outsta...
Fuck Arrieta. Fuck Rizzo. Fuck this team.
Really? You were probably saying this in game 4 vs the giants too huh
Actually, yeah. We've made Matt Moore and Rich Hill look like world beaters. ...
Then give them 9 innings instead of thinking its over after 6
Fuck you. 
Kill me we're cursed. 
Never heard of this curse before. Do tell?
come on now
Season is over. Fuck the people complaining about people being honest and rea...
Its game 3 man.  Lots of baseball still to be played.
There is literally a minimum of two more games left. Chill. 
Its fucking 2-1 at worst lol. You are so pathetic
[deleted]
Shut up you weak emotionally pussy. 
See you there. for now..... Leave
Dodgers be haven der way wit y'all.
You can't get past a WC game. 
Haven't won anything since the wright brothers took flight
And yet still better than the Buccos. 
I guess. If world series titles don't mean anything.
You need to actually make the postseason before you can talk about titles.  Y...
Baseball is a beautiful game. Best of luck to you going forward.
go back to your private sub pussy
Downvoted me. Need to rant to get it off the chest. 

This series is over the...
Consider yourself downvoted
Russell sucks. Almost any kind of contact scores a run. The guy is toast at t...
Can't win if you can't score one run. So fuck you cubs offense. 
Get out.
Games like this make me wonder if MLB is secretly no better then pro wrestlin...
It's like everyone forgot game 4 of the NLDS already. Not saying we're gonna ...
You won't forget that for a reason. It rarely happens. And even if it did it ...
https://youtu.be/jJ3rndjje30 someday
To the naysayers and whiners: fuck off! It's game 3 of a 7 game series! It ta...
[removed]
Fuck you you fucking fair weather bullshit bandwagon fan
Thinking the Cubs will lose is not the same thing as being fair weather 
stop
You suck Soler
For drawing a walk and getting screwed by the umpire?
And 2 bad defensive plays. 
He got fucked on that call.
[deleted]
Shut up.
#I TOLD MY GIRLFRIEND I KNOW THE CUBS - She said, no you don't. I SAID WATCH....
fuck
Fucking eye roll. 
holy shit fowler wtf it was all soler
Fowler has right of way
If the center fielder calls for it, it's his. Always.
Center fielder has precedence. Soler should have backed off 
The CF gets top priority. But Soler was camped....
If the CF calls it,  its his. 
Well onto the next game.
pathetic
Dat deceptive bullpen management tho.
Wood literally has Gonzalez dancing on the plate. Noice.
Joe Buck probably doesn't even know Travis Wood's middle name. The guy's a to...
It's Gigantic right?
No, it's actually a pretty small name.  It's Alan.

*ba dum tss*
Well looking ahead, is Edwards the closer of the future? Does Almora replace ...
[deleted]
I don't think you understand how statistics work
I'm just so sad. 
Lol fire everyone but Bryant. This is painful.
[deleted]
Duh
BUT THIS IS HOW YOU RALLY.
MVP candidate my ass
[removed]
Could you imagine if they brought out Bartman for game 6 and the Cubs dominat...
Nomar for Addison and Lee for Rizzo. Problem solved.
you are actually the worst
8-0 yet? Fuck this shit. Let's get some runs, boys. I'll see y'all tomorrow, ...
Collapse....
Hopefully Lackey pitches well tomorrow because we will need it to even the se...
It's the 4th. Go to bed if you've given up already.
Go away.
Hitters are loser. Jesus this is pathetic. Should of never gotten rid of Castro
*have
Game 5 in wrigley if it gets there, it's def going there you idoot 
2-3-2 series
Unless the Cubs lose all three in LA. Because game 5 is in LA.
Game 5 will still be in LA
Okay we're averaging like 4-5 runs a game this postseason right? LA ain't sco...
Goodness, sorry for being positive. Enjoy your bitching.
Fun fact: The Cubs have the lowest OPS of any team to win a game this postsea...
That's not fun :(
Wow they running on hs up 5? I would bring in cj and let him nail this mofo i...
It's the postseason there's no mercy.  Rightfully so.
Still shoud hit the fuck out of someone. A fight will wake us up. 
[deleted]
No that was last year. Should have made it to ws this year
After we did it last year? No. World Series or bust
No. Anything short of a WS victory is worthless, with this roster 
No
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
No.
Just bean Hill in the arm. Too much to ask?
Fuck off 
Not in here man, have some respect.
Not only is that a complete asshole thing to you, it wouldn't even be his pit...
It's people like him that probably went after Bartman
Then what do we do?
[deleted]
https://gfycat.com/BrokenPerkyAmericanquarterhorse
Lyanna is my spirit animal. 
Apparently the postseason means early off season for most of our offense
Javy that wasn't the best choice. 
Why? It was the only possible play. Yo throw it would have been a bad idea.
I'm saying he should have gloved it.
And...... boom goes the dynamite
That is 3 runs this umpire has cost the cubs
C'mon man
Would love to have Lester on short rest tomorrow 
2017. Now THAT'S a year...
Comebacker at his face
[removed]
Same to you, get this fair weather fuckboy out of here. go cry in r/baseball'...
Fair weather? Lmao bitch sit the fuck down
Make me? Great thing about reddit, You can't make me but you can still take y...
Was figurative dumb shit
Lol, "one hit wonder". He was fantastic is 2014 and was fine this year.
Yeah, because us being down is all his fault, right?
Fuck were u saying?
Come back when our offense being in a slump is also Jake's fault.
No the homer wasn't off him.
Wtf
[deleted]
Oh fuck off.
get out of here fair-weather fan
Go away.
Go away
call it...
I'm going to guess that whomever scores first will win.
Naw. Both teams are hitting the ball 
I'm still sticking with my guess.
Yea you'll be wrong. Sorry. 
I really hope I'm wrong now.
I guess we'll see.
Well now defense is shitting the bed. Great.
out
Lol no
Miggy should just not catch a fastball, let it smack this blind motherfucking...
Can the mods allow for more than one post every 10 minutes? 
maybe you're not subscribed to the sub?
I am. 
What?
What?
[deleted]
Yeah, cheering their team gets an out, fuck them. 
Well that's a season ender. Rich hills gonna shut us down. And momentum takes...
You're everything that is wrong with Cubs fans.
Fuck off with that shit. This is far from over
Leave now, burn your Cubs gear (if you have any)
Calm down there, Sparky. Lots of baseball left to play. 
Please just leave.
Unpopular opinion but the cubs don't deserve to be in the spot they're in. Ta...
I think we're all well aware the offense is slumping. 
That's why having pitchers bat is better. A Win is a goddamn Win and I'll tak...
Ballsy take. 
Are you serious?  How in the hell do we not deserve to be here?  A historical...
Look all you did was win more games than anyone else. That doesn't mean you'r...
Postseason is a different season though. They dont give you an award for bein...
Not speaking of getting to the postseason, but besides the pitcher offensive ...
Yeah this series is over 
Can you fuck off RougherRiders9?
Damn we lost 4 games already? That was quick
Fuck you
I agree tbh
How is batting practice going?
Better than the driving range
Shhhh
How is the offseason going?
Awesome.  Learning to play the harmonica and building a rubber band ball.
If you get one of those neck harmonica holders you can do both at once
This AB is too long 
6 pitches? Lol cmon man
At the time I posted it, the AB was still going on. And anyway, yeah. 6 pitch...
RIP Brizzo
Get out of here with that shit
I can't handle this. Why the fuck Soler...
It didn't cost them a run did it? Calm down
Once again. Defense shitting the bed.
So why didn't we pick up A-rod? He'd actually hit instead of that choker rizzo.
You sound ridiculous. 
I....:don't even know what to say to this. Holy fuck.
[removed]
Who are you again? I have never seen you post here
u/gamenut89 if this isn't hyperbolic bullshit worth of a ban then idk what is
That escalated quickly, I maybe agree with heyward?
I found the Donald. 
Calm yourself it's game 3
Are you a fair weather fan or what? Get rid of Rizzo and Russell? See ya late...
See ya. 
You won't be missed.
Arietta quit choking
Jason Heyward is a bad baseball player. 
Is that why he was the most sought after defensive player last year? 
Exhibit A
Obviously things have changed. I believe he was rated the worst hitter for an...
#incorrect
Fuck this offense. Rizzo and Russell should have been benched two games ago. ...
[removed]
Wood is garbage
You do better. 
I'm not saying I agree with him but it's not /u/sephiroth007's job to do better.
If you're going to call someone "garbage"  (which to me is a pretty big fucki...
You're garbage.
Puig is such a stud and would be such an upgrade over Soler. Why didn't we tr...
Because rizzo is a stud
Regular season stud*

FTFY 
this is a fucking retarded post if i ever seent one 
You the dumbest fucking. Excuse for a Cubs fan I've ever seen. Go to fucking ...
Any other troll posts tonight?
Surely not. ..
Fuck off

Edit: Said he reported me, mods just look at his post history. He's...
